Site Name: Pakistan - Sindh - Karachi
Posted Date: Nov 6 2020

Job Purpose

To Manage institutional sales and entire business operation across the zone, lead and Coordinate institutional business activities (Tenders / rate running contracts / Inspections / Order processing / Supplies / prequalification / pack management and allied processes) on zone level basis with the support of Institutional team Members, external Business Channel partners as well as all GSK's internal departments like Demand Function, GMS Supply Head & Site Directors, OQ Managers, Finance, W&D, Sales Operation and Marketing. explore opportunities and new business avenues for future sales growth. To manage institutional Sales team and ensure continues improvement. To hold important negotiation meetings with the tender committee / authorities to achieve significant business goals.

Eligibility Criteria For field force (Applicable to Internal Candidates Only)
Grade 8 & above are eligible to apply with below KPIs:
Average Knowledge Score: >=95%
CDF: >=90%
Eff. Calls: >=90%%
Minimum of 2 years in current position
No adverse ratings in past 2 years
Proven track record of strong business planning & execution
Experience of Key Account Management & Managing government officials interactions would be an added advantage

Eligibility Criteria For Headoffice staff (Applicable to Internal Candidates Only)
Grade 8 & above are eligible to apply
Minimum of 2 years in current position
No adverse ratings in past 2 years
Proven track record of strong commercial delivery, business planning & customer facing experience
Strong Understanding of Key Account Management & interaction with government officials

Candidate should demonstrate the below skillset and capabilities for short listing (Internal & External)
Minimum graduate in sciences, preference to MBA
Having strong verbal and written communication skills to manage external tender authorities and internal stakeholders
Demonstrates resilience, persuasiveness and solution oriented approach to manage obstacles and challenges
Demonstrates a high delivery against GSK values, expectations and behaviors

Key Responsibilities

Responsible for overseeing the Institutional Sales Management process and institutional Sales team, defining departmental strategies required for appropriate actions.

Manage Institutional Sales Activities Which Includes
Participation in Tenders,
Prequalification of GSK in Institutions wherever applicable,
Customer Specific Packs,
Bulk stocks arrangements,
Inspections of Defense Supplies,
Order processing,
Customer services,
Interface with sales, demand, W&D, production, regulatory, and operational quality ensuring customer service creates competitive advantage in Business including resolution of critical customer issues.
Payment follow ups
Responsible for managing timely participation in all tenders/rate running contracts (applicable to GSK business policy) floated by Institutions. For this manage & direct the Institution Team Members & Distributors for close liaison with concern authorities to get timely input on coming business opportunities.
Manage data required for price calculation against tenders, preparation of price proposals its onward discussion with finance for evaluation and getting their inputs so that its further approval from pricing committee can be done on timely basis.
In liaison with finance, manage performance securities to be submitted with tenders and keep track through respective team members & distributors.
Responsible to manage and coordinate with Demand Function, respective Head of Logistics and Operational Quality to get their agreement to meet the supply timelines in relevance to bulk tenders.
Liaison with GMS / QC / Regulatory / Legal for filing application to renew GSK's status as approved vendor with Govt / Defense Institutions.
To coordinate with departments for smooth inspection if required by officials.
To manage timely submission of all required documents & renewal fees as per govt law.

Customer Specific Packs
Coordination with Customer, channel Partner and HO to manage customer specific Artwork and pack development through Creative Service by generating PRF.

Bulk Stocks management
To manage availability of medicines against bulk orders on timely basis.
Timely communication of the requirement to Head office.

Inspections of Stocks
Responsible to manage timely availability of stocks at FGWH from GMS.
Manage to get all technical documents from GMS/Procurement/Finance necessary for product inspection.
Important aspect as documents keeps on changing for every inspection.
Management for stock availability intimation to authorities.
Smooth scheduling of inspection by government authorized officials (Defense Forces Inspectors / FDI).
To manage & coordinate for timely onward submission of product samples to relevant Drug Testing Laboratory.
Coordinate with Departmental head through Institutional team members & distributors for smooth and timely testing of our samples.
After sample clearance, to get the stock release for supplies.

Order Processing
To supervise and ensure that all orders received are duly verified by Institutional team
members.
With the support of our team members and business partners ensure that orders are
collected and submitted on timely basis with all formalities completed.
Supervise the order updating in system.
To manage its release through finance.
To manage system updating for price accuracy through IBC/Finance.
Responsible to rectify any rate difference in SOT through IBC/Finance/IT.
To manage and coordinate with all GSK warehouses on regular basis.
Ensure that processed orders are executed through warehouses.
In case of stamping requirements, coordinate with W&D/Connect to for product defacing/printing of the required text agreed by the customer.
Customer Services
Manage to provide best services to our clients & business partners in terms of their
queries for which had to meet different internal departments like. Head of OQ, Site
Heads, Logistic Heads, marketing, legal, finance, procurement etc.
Responsible to manage customers query regarding execution of their demands, in
which timely Liaison with finance and CP’s so that orders would be processed and released without delay.
Liaison b/w warehouses so that stocks would be delivered to respective distributors in case of indirect business, direct delivery to the concerned institution in case of direct and big business supplies.
To monitor stocks and coordinate with Sales Operation Team for its transfer when
needed.
Responsible for yearly review of Customer Master and update in liaison with team members, distributors, line manager and get it implemented in JDE system for future business

Distributor’s Claims
Manage claims of different nature (pertaining to Institutional Business).
Manage that customers / distributors claims received at GSK should be properly verified by respective Institutional Team Member / duly supported with justification.
Gathering of claims and its onward approvals from Department Manager.
Maintain proper tracking of the claims.
Responsible and manage to coordinate with Finance in case of any business related
query.

Institutional Sales Monitoring & Team Coaching.
To lead the institutional Sales Team to deliver the best results and growth.
Monthly coaching calls with each team member on monthly basis to enhance the capability and deliver business results.
Manage the sales trend and being the team player keep Institutional Team Members
moving to facilitate their Institutions.
Liaison and communicate with distribution, customers, distributors and field colleagues for the accomplishment of the mutual business targets
Monitoring of sales.
Manage and keep Institutional Team and W&D updated on fortnightly basis regarding
sales processing and solution for the queries.
Manage sales data on monthly basis and its sharing with Institutional Team Members & Line Manager/Head of institution & Tender Business.
To share inputs and coordinate with sales team and business partners in the guidelines provided by Head of institution & tender business.
To get all payments cleared from institutional customers with the support of team
members and distributors and reduce the overdues.

Enterprise My Tender System/Veeva CRM
To Manage, coordinate and support Institutional business planning necessary for smooth business running in efficient manner with the defined protocols.
Ensure the implementation and compliance with established company policies, procedures and controls in tenders, pre-qualifications, Inspections, order processing, payment follow ups.
Develop, maintain and further strengthen business relations with important customers of Key Accounts, GSK Channel Partners, and all relevant authorities at Govt./Semi-Govt/Private hospitals and institutions in the best interest of company's business.
KPI implementation and ensure 100% alignment with compliance / Ensure Third Part Oversight TPO requirement and process for all institutional Channel with coordination of Manager process excellence & risk management.

Contact Information

You may apply for this position online by selecting the Apply now button.

Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies

GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.Your Task & Responsibilities
Plans how to develop and manage major account relationships and meet personal sales targets within the full line of products or combination of products.
Manage and builds strong relationships over time that allow for continuity and ongoing representation reinforced by sales support/delivery programs, and communications to other relevant organizational functions.
Collaborates with other key account managers and field sales management team, in development of sales strategies for national accounts in each area and also ensures excellence in operations execution.
Monitors competitive activity in each account and ensures that appropriate responsestrategies are formulated and communicated. Maintains and grows relationships with designated customers, while achieving an assigned sales growth target.
Reporting to the National Sales Manager – Modern Trade, the Key Account Manager is expected to further develop existing business, while pursuing growth opportunities in assigned customer accounts.
The Key Account Manager is responsible for selling and supporting the company’s complete product portfolio and services offering to an assigned set of named accounts. Focusing on customers with high-value, strategic growth opportunity, the Key Account Manager’s most important customer interactions are face-to-face meetings.
Develops customer account plans for all assigned customers by leading a joint company/customer planning process that identifies relevant customer needs, prioritizes initiatives and company investments, and establishes a clear action plan for success.
Proactively manages customers’ satisfaction and service delivery by anticipating potential service problems, and monitoring satisfaction.

Who You Are
Four year college degree from an accredited institution
Having experience as KAM minimum 3 years in a business-to-business, large/strategic customer segment;
Strong record of achievement in the Account Manager position.
English proficiency both written and verbalKEY ACCOUNTABILITIES:

Account Management & Maintenance:

determine how best to service and motivate key accounts to stay with the business
maintains data and information relevant to key accounts for the purpose of conducting analyses that influence account-specific decision making.
responsible for assessing, clarifying, and validating the consumers’ needs on an ongoing basis, maintaining high customer satisfaction ratings that are up to the business’s standards.
regularly follows up with the customers, obtain feedback, leads solution development

Strategic thinking, Analytics & Collaboration

take part in the strategic account planning process
play an analytical role, prepare detailed proposals/quotes depending on each consumer’s requirements

Cooperate vaccination program

Achieve group vaccination program setting objectives
Build relationship with decision makers in stakeholders
Organise program and coordinate vaccinators for corporations and schools.
Work with distributor and internal stakeholders to ensure services meet the quality promised

Medical

Report on Pharmaco-vigilance, if any.

Corporate HSE responsibility:

At any level of the organization, each individual is accountable for following all HSE guidelines and policies requested by the Group as well as contributing to the achievement of the HSE objectives.

Corporate compliance responsibility:

Every staff of Sanofi is accountable for assuring compliance’s rules & ethic code when working with Health Care Professional to strengthen the company’s image.
Ensure all the support for the sales team comply with relevant acts, legal demand and ethical standards and in line with marketing plan.

At Sanofi diversity and inclusion is foundational to how we operate and embedded in our Core Values. We recognize to truly tap into the richness diversity brings we must lead with inclusion and have a workplace where those differences can thrive and be leveraged to empower the lives of our colleagues, patients and customers. We respect and celebrate the diversity of our people, their backgrounds and experiences and provide equal opportunity for all.Job Description

At Janssen, we are dedicated to addressing and solving some of the most important unmet medical needs of our time in oncology, immunology, neuroscience, infectious diseases and vaccines, and cardiovascular and metabolic diseases. Driven by our commitment to patients, we bring innovative products, services and solutions to people throughout the world. Janssen is a pharmaceutical company of Johnson & Johnson. Please visit www.janssen.com for more information.

KEY ACCOUNT MANAGER

Location: Moravia region

Contract: full time limited contract
Maintaining relationships with defined hospital-based customers. Ensuring direct contact with their management and coordinates the activities across all therapy area teams and across all relevant brands.
Building and strengthening the position of JANSSEN.
Ensuring acceptance and access of relevant JANSSEN products to selected hospitals.
Developing and maintaining conditions for new products.
Capable of building long term working relationships with internal and external customers.


The Responsibilities & The Impact YOU Will Have
Building and maintaining relationships with pharmacies and defined hospital based customers at a management level
Revision doctors / health insurance regional affiliates
Analyzing the situation within a defined geographical territory with the view to identifying new potential partners
Coordinating JANSSEN activities in defined hospitals across all relevant teams and brands and ensuring full information sharing
Ensuring acceptance and access of relevant products to selected hospitals, centers, HCPs and hospital pharmacies
Facilitating communication and common understanding between hospital management, HCPs, and revision doctors to ensure access of therapy / brand to patients
Understanding all procedures and policies relevant to reimbursement conditions for hospitals and key accounts, insurance companies and all relevant stakeholders
Actively communicating with strategic partners within TAs and company (KAS, MCM, MA managers, CL) to ensure full access for key brands to all hospitals and key accounts
Researching, collecting and analyzing the appropriate hospital data to explore opportunities; monitoring activities and competitors’ offers
Implementing internal innovative processes to improve the position of JANSSEN products
Responsible for the co-ordination of all Tenders and Proposals within agreed terms in cooperation with the help of the Administrative Assistant. Creates customer (product) teams and takes leadership of the teams as and when required.
Contributing to the long-term development of Key Account Manager position in Janssen
Organizing regular meetings or teleconferences across all therapy areas with relevant staff
Selling products to pharmacies and hospitals at management level


Qualifications

We would love to hear from YOU, if you have:
University degree
3+ years of experience working as Key Account Manager or hospital customer-facing role.
3+ years of experience in Pharma industry.
High ability to maximize the sales and the knowledge of regional management
Analytical thinking skills
High level of negotiation skills
English Language
Competency in using Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, Power Point)
Ability to manage and coordinate the activities and to work in a team
Ability to multitask
Flexible positive attitude
Willingness to learn, improve and adapt
Desire to own decisions and take responsibility for outcomes
Ability to communicate openly


This Is What Awaits YOU At J&J
An opportunity to be part of a global market leader.
A dynamic and inspiring working environment.
Many opportunities to work on challenging projects and assignments.
Possibilities for further personal as well as professional development.
Many employee benefits:
5 weeks of vacation, home office, flexible working hours, sick days
Meal vouchers, Cafeteria, referral award, life and accident insurance, MultiSport card
Contribution for: Prague public transportation, language study, illness leave, pension contribution,
Refreshment in the workplace, company gym, free sports activities, corporate events


Employee benefits are regulated by an internal policy that contains full details regarding the entitlement and conditions for the benefits.

Johnson & Johnson is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, or national origin and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.Star OUTICO is currently recruiting a Key Account Manager / Territory Manager this is a national role, suitable candidates must have Pharmaceutical, Medical device or Clinical experience.

Objective: Build and maintain strong professional relationships with medical groups / practices, hospital / academic medical centres / community supply in the care of patients by providing approved, disease and product information to meet or exceed assigned sales targets across the company portfolio

Responsibilities will include:
·        Develop and implement robust key account and territory business plans, centred on performance to meet, or exceed territory productivity and sales requirements
·        Assess and analyse the region to determine business potential and prioritise key accounts; to maximise sales.
·        Provide in field clinical training and ongoing clinical education with physicians, key clinical personnel as well as internal and external employees and facilitate onsite training and subject matter clinical
·        Secure hospital and regional formulary pull through. Identify departmental and stakeholder drivers and barriers in key hospitals and pathways into community.
·        Develop strong and long-term relationships with customers / stakeholders / KOLs in all assigned
·        Maintain regular and timely communication with the MSL and cross functional colleagues to inform them of important / urgent account developments
·        To be successful in this role you will be appropriately qualified and demonstrate meeting or exceeding goals in a specialist / hospital or similarly complex environment. This role will have a function in community portfolio also.

The ideal candidate will have/be:
·        Experience of influencing and working with payers to identify and unlock local access barriers
·        Effective selling skills & Account management experience, including business planning / forecasts, account analysis, stakeholder mapping and performance measurement
·        Proficient user of IT business systems and MS Office - PowerPoint and Excel
·        Entrepreneurial and growth mindset – target driven - join an established start up business
·        Strong sales experience into hospitals, procurement systems, surgeons, nurses, KOLS, within the Acute market. Experience across multiple therapy areas preferred.
·        Conducted and led clinical training sessions
·        Strong sales record with substantial market knowledge is essential
·        Minimum of 5 years' experience within pharma / med device sales or clinical
·        Science or Business QualifiedThe primary function of the role is to sell products in an agreed portfolio, to meet or exceed budget, to maintain existing customers and to develop new accounts. The portfolio is focused on Imaging Devices, Contrast Media and Interventional Imaging Products. This role will cover West Australia and South Australia.

Main Responsibilities
Plan work to achieve or exceed sales targets at minimum cost.
Gather market intelligence (product, price, promotion, discount etc.) by observation, discussion or research. Sources of intelligence will include customers, competitors, suppliers and anyone else affected by its range of products.
Deal with customer queries in a professional and courteous manner.
Liaise with customer on complaints or initiate corrective action.
Train Guerbet customers in the use of products where it is appropriate and the representative is competent to do so.
Maintain good relationships with all staff at all levels of the organization.
Seek new business by planning meetings with key personnel.
Attend conferences and trade displays as required.
Report activities and generate feedback when required.
Some theatre work will be required.
Pharmacovigilance (PV): When requested, act as either the Locally Responsible Pharmacovigilance Person (LRPP), or Deputy LRPP, for managing overall responsibility of the PV activities in Australia.

Educations & Experiences
Minimum 2 years healthcare sales experience. Experience selling similar products is advantageous

Skills & Qualifications
Good communication, interpersonal and organizational skills
Drive and enthusiasm
Strong customer focus
Demonstrate a successful track record in developing a profitable sales territory, and delivering on/over-target sales
Full driving license essential

All informaiton submitted to us will be kept prviate and confiential and will be used for hiring purpose only.Zentiva is a producer of high-quality affordable medicines serving patients in Europe and beyond. With a dedicated team of more than 4,500 people and a network of production sites, Zentiva is private equity company striving to be the champion of branded and generic medicines in Europe to better support people’s daily healthcare needs.

We are looking for a Key Account Manager to join the B2B brach of Zentiva business - https://www.zent2u.com/

The Key Account Manager is accountable for the overall direction, strategy, and performance of the b2b customers including:
·        Accountability for the PNL and gross margin
·        Establishing strong partnership with business clients
·        Managing and developing the right portfolio with the right customers

Key responsibilities:
Build strategy for clients
Prepare and control budget
Be accountable for PNL of the clients
Act as a project manager for launches and transfers for the customers
Be a single point contact for high level of escalation
Maintain contracts and pricing (including implementation of different pricing strategy) for the clients
Identify new market opportunities and acquire new customers proactively
Bring long term visibility to the production site regarding industrial strategy and external customers
Ensure long term partnership with the right customers

Required qualifications and skills:
Proven experience in pharmaceutical business in Commercial / Business Development / In-out-licensing at least for 5 years
Fluency in English and one other European Language is a requirement
International network in pharmaceutical market
Analytical skills (advanced user of IMS)
Strategic thinking: Ability to transfer market data into plans
Entrepreneurial mindset
Able to act independently
Transversal mindset, able to bring people together to get work done
Positive energy giver – that delivers what they promise
Customer orientated with strong personal network
Clear, structured communicator
Able to engage with the #HelpZentivaWin philosophy

We offer the job in a very dynamic environment of one of the fastest growing pharmaceutical companies in Europe, in the team of passionate professionals.DENTAL SALES OPPORTUNITY WITH A WORLD LEADER!

Career Opportunity:

They are seeking an established successful dental sales representative. Products sold are a combination of dental devices, equipment, and materials. Call points are dental labs. This position is a highly visible role within a specialized sales team that is a leader in what they do.

Territory: (CO, UT, AZ, WY). Up to 2-3 overnights per week travel could be expected. Must be willing to travel as needed within the territory.

Compensation: Base salary between $80k (depending on experience) plus commissions, first-year expectation is $120k-$140k. In addition, the position will also offer a car allowance/mileage reimbursement, all expenses paid, and full benefits.

Requirements: 

Bachelors degree required, no exceptions. Clean DMVR. 
Looking for talented sales representatives with a hunter mentality.  2-5 years of dental sales experience preferred.About AbbVie

AbbVie’s mission is to discover and deliver innovative medicines that solve serious health issues today and address the medical challenges of tomorrow. We strive to have a remarkable impact on people’s lives across several key therapeutic areas: immunology, oncology, neuroscience, eye care, virology, women’s health and gastroenterology, in addition to products and services across its Allergan Aesthetics portfolio. For more information about AbbVie, please visit us at www.abbvie.com. Follow @abbvie on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn.
Achieve a deep understanding of the complexities, pressures and opportunities associated with the decision making matrix within each account. Based on that deep understanding articulate predicted payer/provider and payer/provider influencer decision drivers and unmet needs to the brand teams in order to ensure key account situation analysis is holistic.
Highlight the cross-functional impacts of anticipated changes in the payer/provider environment to the IFTs and brand teams in order to further enrich the BT’s anticipation of the future.
Build trusted and strategic relationships with payers/providers in order to anticipate access barriers and better meet agendas, plans and objectives of respective key account.
Identify opportunities and collaborate cross-functionally to engage in “win : win” partnerships with key accounts in order to positively influence contracting and tendering opportunities for product access.
Develop strategy and concise engagement plans specific to accounts with clear objectives and activities in order to optimize usage, funding and access of AbbVie products considering long-term goals of the entire product portfolio.
Negotiate, close and sign deals and/or support/lead the contracting and tendering process and facilitate the development and delivery of proposals in order to meet profit targets.
Regularly track the execution and impact of activities and performance of key accounts in order to constantly improve impact on bottom line.

Qualifications
Bachelor's degree, biological sciences, pharmacy, business related field, or equivalent
Relevant experience with demonstrated track record of success in sales or consultative selling role within biotech/pharmaceutical industry
Ability to translate strategies into actionable and realistic key account engagement plans
Ability to lead, motivate and coordinate cross functional teams (in-field)
Ability to negotiate, close and sign C&T deals with key accounts and with complex customer networks
Solid analytic, business planning and financial acumen skills and solid working knowledge of pharmaco-economic principles
Solid knowledge of payer/provider mindset and motivation in relevant local context
Solid knowledge of payer/provider decision making process and who the key stakeholder/influencers are plus English language proficiency verbally and in writing (for all non-English speaking countries)
Demonstrated track record of success on specific key account (payer/provider) experience strategically and long term as well as tactical within relevant local context preferred
Leadership experience within specific key account based on being part of key account decision making process within C&T situations (if relevant) preferred
Travel
No
Job Type
Experienced
Schedule
Full-time
Job Level Code
IC
Equal Employment Opportunity
At AbbVie, we value bringing together individuals from diverse backgrounds to develop new and innovative solutions for patients. As an equal opportunity employer we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy), physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, marital status, protected veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristic.Imperial is an African and European-focused provider of integrated market access and logistics solutions. With a focus on five key industries -healthcare, consumer, automotive, chemicals and industrial - we take our clients’ products to some of the fastest growing and most challenging markets in the world.

Ranked among the top 30 global logistics providers and listed on the JSE in South Africa, we seek out and leverage new technology to deliver innovative, end-to-end solutions.

Through our significant African footprint and international expertise, and with the support of our 25 000 people, Imperial’s purpose is to connect Africa and the world - and to improve people’s lives with access to quality products and services.


Job Function:
To assure consistent sales growth and achievement of sales goals and targets in assigned territory by identifying opportunities and gaining new business while maintaining existing business for Imperial.

Core Job Responsibilities:
Develop trusted, deep, collaborative working relationships with strategic clients (Pharmacy chains, Hospital groups, Retailers, DoH) at senior operational leadership levels
Assist the Sales Director and drive the programmes that deliver win-win, long-term agreements
Identify new business opportunities for growth, and motivate these through compelling business cases with measurable and clear value.
Actively contribute to key prioritisation discussions and decisions with senior leadership, to best utilise our sales teams for greatest value outcome
Deliver on agreed revenue-driving projects and initiatives for Imperial
Help remove obstacles to success with our clients and partners.
Work closely with key cross-divisional teams within Imperial to deliver great client service, working with our strategic clients and partners
Communicate and present our strengths with current and potential clients and partners to drive increased levels of partnership and gain additional platforms to engage decisions makers, drive further product usage and deliver superior patient healthcare delivery
Engage regularly with healthcare stakeholders, to understand the healthcare ecosystem and key role-players, to contribute to shape these and to shape Imperial’s future strategy
Actively engage healthcare industry regulators and representative bodies and associations, to develop relationships for new business opportunities, and to mitigate risks.

Qualifications & Experience Required:
A tertiary qualification in Life Sciences, Sales, Marketing or Business
Pro ficiency in Business English (written & spoken)
Minimum 2 years Key Account Management/Sales Management in the Healthcare/Pharmaceutical Industry.
Minimum 5 years sales experience in the Pharmaceutical Industry is mandatory
Existing relationships with major pharmacy groups, hospitals and pharmacy groups
Previous record of above target performance for key accounts in the healthcare environment.

Knowledge & Skills:
Advanced proficiency in MS Office Suite
Skilled at ‘puzzle-piecing’, in and between businesses
Excellent, clear, communication
Proactively managing expectation with leadership in the company and in corporate client relationships
Excellent planning, organizational and problem-solving skills
Great understanding of the South African healthcare industry, and the key stakeholders shaping this industry
Ability to engage, collaborate and influence at all organizational and management levels
Ability to manage complex projects and multi-task

Behavioural Competencies:
Entrepreneurial
Commercial thinking
Self-confident, self-managed and results driven.
Adapting and responding to change
Persuading and influencing
Coping with pressures and setbacks








We are committed to Employment Equity when recruiting and as such preference will be given to candidates who fall within our equity targets. Should you not have received a response within 4 weeks of the closing date of this advert, please consider your application unsuccessful.Role Summary

A successful Key Account Manager within IQVIA will lead new and thought-provoking discussions to challenge status quo and ultimately provide innovative solutions that address our clients’ key business challenges.
They must have a good appreciation of the IQVIA core, our offerings and strong internal network to pull end to end solutions together. Increasingly these engagements should be larger, more complex and longer term to underpin the relationship and value we bring to our clients. In addition to the tactical short term plays which are key to a successful sales performance

Responsibilities

Lead Business Development and Account Management within 5 or 6 key designated clients, delivering revenue targets in line with the IQVIA Global and Spain strategy.
Your day a day will be focused on a specific target of laboratories mainly working in the Specialty Market.
Through gaining an intimate knowledge of the client and challenging with innovation and ideas, develop and close opportunities to provide end-to-end solutions, growing the size/duration/value of sales over time
Develop and maintain a deep understanding of the healthcare industry to maximize value we can offer to clients by offering industry-wide insights
Develop a good understanding of the breadth of IQVIA capabilities to maximize ability to grow accounts
Ensure clients are getting maximum value from existing services to which they subscribe, which includes: 1. Liaising with the client to agree and define requirements; 2. Work with clients and internal IQVIA teams to lead and drive client satisfaction with IQVIA services to underpin propensity for repeat, up-sell opportunities, positive referrals etc
Work collaboratively with IQVIA colleagues across the organization to ensure they are engaged and aligned to the account strategy and support new business opportunities within clients. Work closely with colleagues to pull together successful, complex solutions for clients.
Methodical completion of underpinning sales activities (eg. account planning, financial reporting, opportunity management etc)

Requirements

Bachelors degree
6+ years  experience of account management for a group of pharma clients related to the Specialty Market.
Deep understadning of the Pharma Industry in terms of structures, current/future most relevant needs, different stakeholders, etc.
Proven track record of managing a balanced pipeline of short term tactical opportunities to long term strategic engagements
Evidence of a successful record of solution selling across a diverse portfolio of capabilities
Able to develop a network of senior and middle management contacts to build long lasting trusted partnerships
Strong sales and opportunity management skills across the full sales cycle (from lead identification to contract negotiations and closing)
Able to create strategic and tactical customer plans
Either knowledge of the healthcare sector or experience of successfully moving into a new market sector
Excellent written and verbal communication skills with proven ability to interpret and present complex concepts
Proactive and accountable with the aim to always drive positive client satisfaction
Self-motivated, problem solve who is driven to succeed
Strategic thinker with a solution focus, combined with ability to execute tactically
Ability to develop strong internal relationships and to work collaboratively to pull together client engagements and delivery of projects
Fluency in English (spoken and written); strong written English with excellent interpersonal and verbal communication skills

Desirable Knowledges

Previous experience in Scientific roles (MSL, Medical Advisor, etc.)
Previous experience in Market Access roles
Health Economics & Outcomes ResearchBy clicking the “Apply” button, I understand that my employment application process with Takeda will commence and that I agree with Takeda’s Privacy Notice, Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.

Job Description
Promoting the company's existing brands and introducing new products to the market.(Rare Haematology & Immunology)
Developing marketing opportunities, understanding customers’ requirements, identifying market trends, improvements to achieve the company's marketing goals
Achieve sales and market share targets for the assigned products
Develop and implement of marketing strategies / plans for the assigned products
Develop and executes promotion campaigns in accordance to the brand strategy and sales tactical plan
Analyse market potential and monitor performance against key business metrics
Builds professional business rapport with health care professionals

Locations

Hong Kong

Worker Type

Employee

Worker Sub-Type

Regular

Time Type

Full timeKey Account Manager
Many opportunities for commercial development within the company
Explore leadership potential managing mid-sized teams

About Our Client

The client is a global leader with a long-term commitment to providing reliable life science and technology solutions. The company innovates and develops quality diagnostics, reagents and assays with an aim to constantly set new standards in the industry, and currently has a strong share in most major markets already. With a well-established portfolio in Japan, the company harnesses their passion for innovation and invests heavily to the field of life science and diagnostics.

Job Description

Lead business revenue growth by identifying new business opportunities and high potential accounts.
Work with international and domestic counterparts to coordinate strategy and lead account plans.
Continually identify market feedback and changes to the organization around trends, competitor activities and business development.
Provide regular sales forecasts to management within the target assigned territory.

The Successful Applicant

BSc in biology-related fields, PhD is preferable
More than 2 years of experience in science-based solution sales
Excellent communication skills
Strong attention to detail and ability to problem-solve creatively.

What's On Offer

Collaborate with a diverse range of clients, partners and experts in the fast-growing field of life science research
Boost English language ability through close strategy collaboration with global partners
Demonstrate leadership and team playing abilities to help people and organisations go from idea to innovation faster

Contact: Josephine Yap
Quote job ref: 4132094NeoKare Nutrition Ltd is the first company in UK to bring the concept of collecting, processing and promoting 100% human breast milk derived products to save the lives of premature & critically ill infants.

Neokare has a pharmaceutical-grade manufacturing site in Redditch, Worcestershire with multiple cleanrooms and in-house microbiological and chemical labs.

This exciting new position will involve communicating and building relationships with a wide range of HCPs and managers within the NHS. A key component will be able to support the uptake of a new product within the nutritional space from both a clinical and market access perspective.

Applicants must have a track record of working with NHS hospitals.

ROLE
REQUIRED (Essential)
Understanding of NHS Hospital Selling
Skills associated with both in-person and remote selling (e.g. Zoom)
In-depth understanding of National and localised NHS structures, policies, funding pathways and quality drivers in line with their local health economy
Strong strategic marketing, analytical and planning skills
Highly motivated diligent individual seeking to push OTE’s.
Ability to understand and communicate complex clinical concepts
Willing to travel across the length & breadth of UK
Proven approach to key account/project management and influencing key health care customers.
Demonstrable understanding of ABPI/HPAI Codes of Practice

Preferred
Innovative Drug Experience

Key Responsibilities
To segment the customer base and build a targeted sales approach
Educate and train customers on products and services
Manage product mix, pricing and margins
Developing advocacy at high levels of influence e.g. Key opinion leaders, nurses, Purchasing Heads etc.
Be accountable for all marketing deliverables, as well as participating and presenting at Conferences, external customer meetings, workshops and seminars

NeoKare Nutrition Ltd - An Equal Opportunity Employer
www.neokare.co.ukThe Role

Reporting to the VP, Market Access/Managing Director, Canada, the Senior Director, Key Account Manager, will be the first customer-facing role on Moderna’s newly chartered Vaccines commercial organization in Canada.

This role is critical to Moderna’s transition from clinical-stage to commercial organization, bringing thought leadership and a drive to win the market to our ambitious team of researchers and clinicians. You’ll join a dynamic organization that is growing fast and blazing trails, and you will bring a relentless drive for excellence and how to shape and win in the market. The Key Account Manager will work together with the broader Vaccines commercial team to identify, target, and execute a commercial strategy that develops a market leading position for our world-changing products in Canada.

The Key Account Manager will develop expert knowledge of the products offered by the company and ensure an excellent understanding of customer requirements in the short, medium, and long term. He / she will work closely with customers building strong business relationships at multiple levels within an organization. Representing and communicating customer insights back into the business of market conditions, customer requirements/ opportunities and competitor intelligence is critical to shape informed market and brand strategies. The role will work closely on a day to day basis with colleagues across the commercial organization to help establish product strategies and will take responsibility for implementing tactics to drive growth, market impact and profitable sales within the wider vaccines business.

Here’s What You’ll Do
Establish and maintain connections externally with targeted customers, including Federal and Provincial governments, physicians, health systems, corporate, and other potential customers. We are breaking new ground with our products, so you’ll need to be comfortable with thinking outside the traditional account management landscape to create account strategies that reflect our approach to solving critical unaddressed health needs.
Conceive and develop innovative key account product segmentation and solutions translated across B2C or B2B customer segments that builds and enables a “winning” platform for Moderna’s brands and products.
Build and develop innovative business solutions that lead to new and non-traditional commercial channels for Moderna’s vaccines.
Build and maintain a working understanding of the competitive landscape for our key products (mRNA-1273 COVID-19 Vaccine and mRNA-1647 CMV Vaccine, initially) and the policy environment around these products. In particular, the fast-moving market for mRNA-1273 will require a high degree of adaptability and trust-building with key accounts.
Leverage data and digital enablement tools to prioritize opportunities across a dynamic landscape of potential and target key accounts. Then, you’ll build great relationships and establish trust at multiple levels both within Moderna and our target customers.
Moderna is defining the markets you’ll play in. You’ll need to collaborate with cross-functional product teams at every stage of development through launch to understand how the product landscape is changing and how your account targeting strategies will need to adapt.
Where appropriate manage appointed distributors and agents, ensuring their use is optimized while still maintaining an appropriate relationship with the end customer. Ensure risk is minimized and due diligence complete with contracts negotiated. Work closely with internal stakeholders to manage performance to the customers and establish Key Performance Indicators with distributors in order to review performance and recommend corrective actions.
Deliver best-practice project management oversight for key account activities to ensure Moderna lives up to its promise to patients.
Be a key player in building Moderna’s Vaccines commercial organization, in partnership with a newly forming team that will blaze trails in brand new markets and grow Moderna at an accelerated pace.
Comply with corporate policies and procedures as well as all applicable healthcare laws and regulations.

Here’s What You’ll Bring To The Table
Bachelor’s Degree and 10+ years of progressive excellence in pharmacerutical/biotech account strategy and account management, with a preference for prior experience in vaccines. Demonstrated prior experience with establishing and consistently meeting or exceeding business development targets.
Demonstrated track record of building and driving volume and profitable revenue growth with key corporate accounts.
Ability to collaborate among a range of key areas (marketing, field team, communications, promotion, physician, trade and consumer channels, pricing and contracting, and/or government payers).
Strong portfolio of commercial skills obtained through experience and application with track record of delivery. E.g. Negotiation, building a financial business case, working within commercial teams.
Must be comfortable with ambiguity and a fast-paced, highly dynamic environment that is being defined in real-time. You should be driven and willing to think creatively, and pursue new or novel approaches to business and market development.
Keen understanding of the drug development and regulatory approval process, and of health policy and health care system stakeholders (e.g., managed care, public sector payers, emerging models of care). Clear understanding of all applicable regulatory environments within which Moderna operates commercially.
Excellent communication, presentation, collaboration and influencing skills across internal and external stakeholders.

About Moderna

Moderna is advancing messenger RNA (mRNA) science to create a new class of transformative medicines for patients. mRNA medicines are designed to direct the body’s cells to produce intracellular, membrane or secreted proteins that can have a therapeutic or preventive benefit and have the potential to address a broad spectrum of diseases. The Company’s platform builds on continuous advances in basic and applied mRNA science, delivery technology and manufacturing, providing Moderna the capability to pursue in parallel a robust pipeline of new development candidates. Moderna is developing therapeutics and vaccines for infectious diseases, immuno-oncology, rare diseases, cardiovascular diseases, and autoimmune and inflammatory diseases, independently and with strategic collaborators.

Headquartered in Cambridge, Mass., Moderna currently has strategic alliances for development programs with AstraZeneca, Plc. and Merck, Inc., as well as the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), an agency of the U.S. Department of Defense, the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA), a division of the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response (ASPR) within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) and the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI). Moderna has been ranked in the top ten of Science’s list of top biopharma industry employers for the past five years. To learn more, visit www.modernatx.com .

Our Mission

Deliver on the promise of mRNA science to create a new generation of transformative medicines for patients.

Moderna is a smoke-free, alcohol-free and drug-free work environment.Reports To
VP of Sales

Job Overview
Inova Software is looking for a highly motivated Key Account Manager to upsell and cross-sell its largest Pharmaceutical accounts in the United States. This role will require further development of relationships with senior stakeholders to renew and expand financial partnerships. The KAM will be responsible for co-creating and executing account plans for each strategic client to sustain the company’s expansion and double-digit growth. The KAM will have the support of the organization and a large portfolio of solutions, ranging from enterprise platform, AI technology, and professional services.


Responsibilities
The KAM will:
Upsell and cross-sell Inova’s largest pharmaceutical accounts in the United States
Develop relationships with senior stakeholders to renew and expand financial partnerships
Define and own account penetration and development plans
Leverage on internal resources: Customer Success, Pre-Sales, and Sales Campaign Manager to grow Inova’s footprint
Grow new business opportunities within accounts through targeted outbound and selective inbound activities
Manage reliable opportunity forecasting and leads in the Salesforce CRM  
Increase account and market penetration, with a focus on LinkedIn, campaigns, and conferences
Ensure client renewals and obtain referrals within your accounts


Office Location
Denver, CO or full remote in the Northeast
Will be required to work East Coast office hours
Up to 25% travel required
 Qualifications
The ideal candidate has:
5+ years of sales experience in enterprise solution selling, ideally in the life sciences
A disciplined mentality, and will dedicate time to both high value account renewals as well as growing existing business
Proven experience working with business executives and confidentially navigating through all levels of an organization
Exceptional communication, listening, and presentation skills
History achieving sales targets

Education

Bachelor’s degree
Formal Solution Selling or other sales training a plus

Benefits & Perks

Inova offers competitive financial compensation and a solid benefits package. This includes Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance, a 401k, and generous Paid Time Off – 20 PTO days and 4 personal days, in addition to sick days and certain national holidays. Inova also offers flexible work-from-home options.

Inova is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome all qualified candidates.Per noi, è una Mission

In Mylan, quando diciamo di lavorare ogni giorno per fornire a 7 miliardi di persone l’accesso a farmaci di alta qualità, siamo sinceri. Se sei non convenzionale, infaticabile e appassionato. Se credi nel fare ciò che è giusto, non ciò che è facile. Se sei una persona che agisce e senti il desiderio di fornire assistenza agli altri, vogliamo parlare con te.

Fai la differenza

Ecco Come Questo Ruolo Potrà Aiutarci

In Mylan, ogni persona è in grado di fare la differenza. Tutti abbiamo un ruolo fondamentale per contribuire alla nostra Mission, dai fornitori che vendono e commercializzano i nostri prodotti, ai produttori che li sviluppano e li realizzano, fino ai nostri partners che garantiscono il supporto necessario a questi processi.
Costruire, consolidare e sviluppare rapporti con i clienti Big Pharma nell’area assegnata, assicurando il raggiungimento mensile degli obiettivi
Fornire analisi e programmazione dell’avanzamento rispetto ai KPIs per ogni cliente assegnato
Garantire un alto livello di Customer Satisfaction, monitorando la puntualità nelle consegne, la gestione di resi e scadenze in partnership con le funzioni aziendali di riferimento
Contribuire alla determinazione dei parametri legati all'affidabilità finanziaria dei clienti, l’adeguamento del credito partecipandone all’eventuale recupero, secondo le procedure interne
Proporre e progettare campagne per prodotti specifici focalizzate sul sell out, in collaborazione con il Customer Trade
Analizzare e monitorare l'obiettivo mensile assegnato al fine di garantire una gestione efficiente del Portfolio Mylan
Monitorare i KPI identificando eventuali scostamenti dal piano, anticipando le criticità del mercato e valutando le azioni conseguenti
Garantire la Compliance con le politiche aziendali


Fai dei Nostri Valori i Tuoi Valori

Di Seguito i Principali Requisiti Richiesti Per Questa Posizione

Mylan assume solo i migliori. Persone che crescono in una cultura di innovazione e responsabilizzazione. Persone che vogliono apprendere e hanno un atteggiamento positivo. Persone che sanno essere dei leader, consapevoli che, lavorando insieme, si può correre più veloci, raggiungere vette più alte ed ottenere di più. Facendo questo, continueremo a stabilire nuovi standard nel settore Healthcare.
Laurea in materie scientifiche o economiche
Esperienza consolidata nella vendita e fidelizzazione di clienti strutturati ed in base a cluster definiti
Residenza nei territori di lavoro sopra indicati
Buona conoscenza del pacchetto Office
Completano il profilo: entusiasmo, forte motivazione e attitudine alla vendita, uniti ad un buon approccio relazionale e ad un ottimo orientamento al risultato, nonché eccellente pianificazione volta al raggiungimento degli obiettivi assegnati e nell’ottica di sviluppo del territorio e del portfolio.

Perché Mylan?

Se vuoi essere parte di un’azienda multinazionale nel settore Healthcare che sta facendo la differenza e può cambiare le vite, Mylan può essere il posto giusto per te. Con oltre 35.000 persone che lavorano in diversi Paesi, possiamo fare la differenza. Ti incoraggiamo a visitare il sito Mylan.com per conoscere meglio la nostra cultura "unconventional", il nostro approccio sul mercato e come definiamo nuovi standards nel Healthcare.

Mylan offre una retribuzione competitiva, eccellenti benefit ed un ambiente favorevole alla crescita professionale e allo sviluppo personale. Ogni candidatura qualificata verrà presa in considerazione. In Mylan vige una politica di pari opportunità.

Primary Location

Italy

Organization

BGP Products S.r.l.

Schedule

Full-time

Job Posting

Oct 9, 2020, 7:22:40 AM

Unposting Date

OngoingSite Name: Pakistan - Sindh - Karachi
Posted Date: Nov 6 2020

Job Purpose

To Manage institutional sales and entire business operation across the zone, lead and Coordinate institutional business activities (Tenders / rate running contracts / Inspections / Order processing / Supplies / prequalification / pack management and allied processes) on zone level basis with the support of Institutional team Members, external Business Channel partners as well as all GSK's internal departments like Demand Function, GMS Supply Head & Site Directors, OQ Managers, Finance, W&D, Sales Operation and Marketing. explore opportunities and new business avenues for future sales growth. To manage institutional Sales team and ensure continues improvement. To hold important negotiation meetings with the tender committee / authorities to achieve significant business goals.

Eligibility Criteria For field force (Applicable to Internal Candidates Only)
Grade 8 & above are eligible to apply with below KPIs:
Average Knowledge Score: >=95%
CDF: >=90%
Eff. Calls: >=90%%
Minimum of 2 years in current position
No adverse ratings in past 2 years
Proven track record of strong business planning & execution
Experience of Key Account Management & Managing government officials interactions would be an added advantage

Eligibility Criteria For Headoffice staff (Applicable to Internal Candidates Only)
Grade 8 & above are eligible to apply
Minimum of 2 years in current position
No adverse ratings in past 2 years
Proven track record of strong commercial delivery, business planning & customer facing experience
Strong Understanding of Key Account Management & interaction with government officials

Candidate should demonstrate the below skillset and capabilities for short listing (Internal & External)
Minimum graduate in sciences, preference to MBA
Having strong verbal and written communication skills to manage external tender authorities and internal stakeholders
Demonstrates resilience, persuasiveness and solution oriented approach to manage obstacles and challenges
Demonstrates a high delivery against GSK values, expectations and behaviors

Key Responsibilities

Responsible for overseeing the Institutional Sales Management process and institutional Sales team, defining departmental strategies required for appropriate actions.

Manage Institutional Sales Activities Which Includes
Participation in Tenders,
Prequalification of GSK in Institutions wherever applicable,
Customer Specific Packs,
Bulk stocks arrangements,
Inspections of Defense Supplies,
Order processing,
Customer services,
Interface with sales, demand, W&D, production, regulatory, and operational quality ensuring customer service creates competitive advantage in Business including resolution of critical customer issues.
Payment follow ups
Responsible for managing timely participation in all tenders/rate running contracts (applicable to GSK business policy) floated by Institutions. For this manage & direct the Institution Team Members & Distributors for close liaison with concern authorities to get timely input on coming business opportunities.
Manage data required for price calculation against tenders, preparation of price proposals its onward discussion with finance for evaluation and getting their inputs so that its further approval from pricing committee can be done on timely basis.
In liaison with finance, manage performance securities to be submitted with tenders and keep track through respective team members & distributors.
Responsible to manage and coordinate with Demand Function, respective Head of Logistics and Operational Quality to get their agreement to meet the supply timelines in relevance to bulk tenders.
Liaison with GMS / QC / Regulatory / Legal for filing application to renew GSK's status as approved vendor with Govt / Defense Institutions.
To coordinate with departments for smooth inspection if required by officials.
To manage timely submission of all required documents & renewal fees as per govt law.

Customer Specific Packs
Coordination with Customer, channel Partner and HO to manage customer specific Artwork and pack development through Creative Service by generating PRF.

Bulk Stocks management
To manage availability of medicines against bulk orders on timely basis.
Timely communication of the requirement to Head office.

Inspections of Stocks
Responsible to manage timely availability of stocks at FGWH from GMS.
Manage to get all technical documents from GMS/Procurement/Finance necessary for product inspection.
Important aspect as documents keeps on changing for every inspection.
Management for stock availability intimation to authorities.
Smooth scheduling of inspection by government authorized officials (Defense Forces Inspectors / FDI).
To manage & coordinate for timely onward submission of product samples to relevant Drug Testing Laboratory.
Coordinate with Departmental head through Institutional team members & distributors for smooth and timely testing of our samples.
After sample clearance, to get the stock release for supplies.

Order Processing
To supervise and ensure that all orders received are duly verified by Institutional team
members.
With the support of our team members and business partners ensure that orders are
collected and submitted on timely basis with all formalities completed.
Supervise the order updating in system.
To manage its release through finance.
To manage system updating for price accuracy through IBC/Finance.
Responsible to rectify any rate difference in SOT through IBC/Finance/IT.
To manage and coordinate with all GSK warehouses on regular basis.
Ensure that processed orders are executed through warehouses.
In case of stamping requirements, coordinate with W&D/Connect to for product defacing/printing of the required text agreed by the customer.
Customer Services
Manage to provide best services to our clients & business partners in terms of their
queries for which had to meet different internal departments like. Head of OQ, Site
Heads, Logistic Heads, marketing, legal, finance, procurement etc.
Responsible to manage customers query regarding execution of their demands, in
which timely Liaison with finance and CP’s so that orders would be processed and released without delay.
Liaison b/w warehouses so that stocks would be delivered to respective distributors in case of indirect business, direct delivery to the concerned institution in case of direct and big business supplies.
To monitor stocks and coordinate with Sales Operation Team for its transfer when
needed.
Responsible for yearly review of Customer Master and update in liaison with team members, distributors, line manager and get it implemented in JDE system for future business

Distributor’s Claims
Manage claims of different nature (pertaining to Institutional Business).
Manage that customers / distributors claims received at GSK should be properly verified by respective Institutional Team Member / duly supported with justification.
Gathering of claims and its onward approvals from Department Manager.
Maintain proper tracking of the claims.
Responsible and manage to coordinate with Finance in case of any business related
query.

Institutional Sales Monitoring & Team Coaching.
To lead the institutional Sales Team to deliver the best results and growth.
Monthly coaching calls with each team member on monthly basis to enhance the capability and deliver business results.
Manage the sales trend and being the team player keep Institutional Team Members
moving to facilitate their Institutions.
Liaison and communicate with distribution, customers, distributors and field colleagues for the accomplishment of the mutual business targets
Monitoring of sales.
Manage and keep Institutional Team and W&D updated on fortnightly basis regarding
sales processing and solution for the queries.
Manage sales data on monthly basis and its sharing with Institutional Team Members & Line Manager/Head of institution & Tender Business.
To share inputs and coordinate with sales team and business partners in the guidelines provided by Head of institution & tender business.
To get all payments cleared from institutional customers with the support of team
members and distributors and reduce the overdues.

Enterprise My Tender System/Veeva CRM
To Manage, coordinate and support Institutional business planning necessary for smooth business running in efficient manner with the defined protocols.
Ensure the implementation and compliance with established company policies, procedures and controls in tenders, pre-qualifications, Inspections, order processing, payment follow ups.
Develop, maintain and further strengthen business relations with important customers of Key Accounts, GSK Channel Partners, and all relevant authorities at Govt./Semi-Govt/Private hospitals and institutions in the best interest of company's business.
KPI implementation and ensure 100% alignment with compliance / Ensure Third Part Oversight TPO requirement and process for all institutional Channel with coordination of Manager process excellence & risk management.

Contact Information

You may apply for this position online by selecting the Apply now button.

Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies

GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.Your Task & Responsibilities
Plans how to develop and manage major account relationships and meet personal sales targets within the full line of products or combination of products.
Manage and builds strong relationships over time that allow for continuity and ongoing representation reinforced by sales support/delivery programs, and communications to other relevant organizational functions.
Collaborates with other key account managers and field sales management team, in development of sales strategies for national accounts in each area and also ensures excellence in operations execution.
Monitors competitive activity in each account and ensures that appropriate responsestrategies are formulated and communicated. Maintains and grows relationships with designated customers, while achieving an assigned sales growth target.
Reporting to the National Sales Manager – Modern Trade, the Key Account Manager is expected to further develop existing business, while pursuing growth opportunities in assigned customer accounts.
The Key Account Manager is responsible for selling and supporting the company’s complete product portfolio and services offering to an assigned set of named accounts. Focusing on customers with high-value, strategic growth opportunity, the Key Account Manager’s most important customer interactions are face-to-face meetings.
Develops customer account plans for all assigned customers by leading a joint company/customer planning process that identifies relevant customer needs, prioritizes initiatives and company investments, and establishes a clear action plan for success.
Proactively manages customers’ satisfaction and service delivery by anticipating potential service problems, and monitoring satisfaction.

Who You Are
Four year college degree from an accredited institution
Having experience as KAM minimum 3 years in a business-to-business, large/strategic customer segment;
Strong record of achievement in the Account Manager position.
English proficiency both written and verbalKEY ACCOUNTABILITIES:

Account Management & Maintenance:

determine how best to service and motivate key accounts to stay with the business
maintains data and information relevant to key accounts for the purpose of conducting analyses that influence account-specific decision making.
responsible for assessing, clarifying, and validating the consumers’ needs on an ongoing basis, maintaining high customer satisfaction ratings that are up to the business’s standards.
regularly follows up with the customers, obtain feedback, leads solution development

Strategic thinking, Analytics & Collaboration

take part in the strategic account planning process
play an analytical role, prepare detailed proposals/quotes depending on each consumer’s requirements

Cooperate vaccination program

Achieve group vaccination program setting objectives
Build relationship with decision makers in stakeholders
Organise program and coordinate vaccinators for corporations and schools.
Work with distributor and internal stakeholders to ensure services meet the quality promised

Medical

Report on Pharmaco-vigilance, if any.

Corporate HSE responsibility:

At any level of the organization, each individual is accountable for following all HSE guidelines and policies requested by the Group as well as contributing to the achievement of the HSE objectives.

Corporate compliance responsibility:

Every staff of Sanofi is accountable for assuring compliance’s rules & ethic code when working with Health Care Professional to strengthen the company’s image.
Ensure all the support for the sales team comply with relevant acts, legal demand and ethical standards and in line with marketing plan.

At Sanofi diversity and inclusion is foundational to how we operate and embedded in our Core Values. We recognize to truly tap into the richness diversity brings we must lead with inclusion and have a workplace where those differences can thrive and be leveraged to empower the lives of our colleagues, patients and customers. We respect and celebrate the diversity of our people, their backgrounds and experiences and provide equal opportunity for all.Job Description

At Janssen, we are dedicated to addressing and solving some of the most important unmet medical needs of our time in oncology, immunology, neuroscience, infectious diseases and vaccines, and cardiovascular and metabolic diseases. Driven by our commitment to patients, we bring innovative products, services and solutions to people throughout the world. Janssen is a pharmaceutical company of Johnson & Johnson. Please visit www.janssen.com for more information.

KEY ACCOUNT MANAGER

Location: Moravia region

Contract: full time limited contract
Maintaining relationships with defined hospital-based customers. Ensuring direct contact with their management and coordinates the activities across all therapy area teams and across all relevant brands.
Building and strengthening the position of JANSSEN.
Ensuring acceptance and access of relevant JANSSEN products to selected hospitals.
Developing and maintaining conditions for new products.
Capable of building long term working relationships with internal and external customers.


The Responsibilities & The Impact YOU Will Have
Building and maintaining relationships with pharmacies and defined hospital based customers at a management level
Revision doctors / health insurance regional affiliates
Analyzing the situation within a defined geographical territory with the view to identifying new potential partners
Coordinating JANSSEN activities in defined hospitals across all relevant teams and brands and ensuring full information sharing
Ensuring acceptance and access of relevant products to selected hospitals, centers, HCPs and hospital pharmacies
Facilitating communication and common understanding between hospital management, HCPs, and revision doctors to ensure access of therapy / brand to patients
Understanding all procedures and policies relevant to reimbursement conditions for hospitals and key accounts, insurance companies and all relevant stakeholders
Actively communicating with strategic partners within TAs and company (KAS, MCM, MA managers, CL) to ensure full access for key brands to all hospitals and key accounts
Researching, collecting and analyzing the appropriate hospital data to explore opportunities; monitoring activities and competitors’ offers
Implementing internal innovative processes to improve the position of JANSSEN products
Responsible for the co-ordination of all Tenders and Proposals within agreed terms in cooperation with the help of the Administrative Assistant. Creates customer (product) teams and takes leadership of the teams as and when required.
Contributing to the long-term development of Key Account Manager position in Janssen
Organizing regular meetings or teleconferences across all therapy areas with relevant staff
Selling products to pharmacies and hospitals at management level


Qualifications

We would love to hear from YOU, if you have:
University degree
3+ years of experience working as Key Account Manager or hospital customer-facing role.
3+ years of experience in Pharma industry.
High ability to maximize the sales and the knowledge of regional management
Analytical thinking skills
High level of negotiation skills
English Language
Competency in using Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, Power Point)
Ability to manage and coordinate the activities and to work in a team
Ability to multitask
Flexible positive attitude
Willingness to learn, improve and adapt
Desire to own decisions and take responsibility for outcomes
Ability to communicate openly


This Is What Awaits YOU At J&J
An opportunity to be part of a global market leader.
A dynamic and inspiring working environment.
Many opportunities to work on challenging projects and assignments.
Possibilities for further personal as well as professional development.
Many employee benefits:
5 weeks of vacation, home office, flexible working hours, sick days
Meal vouchers, Cafeteria, referral award, life and accident insurance, MultiSport card
Contribution for: Prague public transportation, language study, illness leave, pension contribution,
Refreshment in the workplace, company gym, free sports activities, corporate events


Employee benefits are regulated by an internal policy that contains full details regarding the entitlement and conditions for the benefits.

Johnson & Johnson is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, or national origin and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.Star OUTICO is currently recruiting a Key Account Manager / Territory Manager this is a national role, suitable candidates must have Pharmaceutical, Medical device or Clinical experience.

Objective: Build and maintain strong professional relationships with medical groups / practices, hospital / academic medical centres / community supply in the care of patients by providing approved, disease and product information to meet or exceed assigned sales targets across the company portfolio

Responsibilities will include:
·        Develop and implement robust key account and territory business plans, centred on performance to meet, or exceed territory productivity and sales requirements
·        Assess and analyse the region to determine business potential and prioritise key accounts; to maximise sales.
·        Provide in field clinical training and ongoing clinical education with physicians, key clinical personnel as well as internal and external employees and facilitate onsite training and subject matter clinical
·        Secure hospital and regional formulary pull through. Identify departmental and stakeholder drivers and barriers in key hospitals and pathways into community.
·        Develop strong and long-term relationships with customers / stakeholders / KOLs in all assigned
·        Maintain regular and timely communication with the MSL and cross functional colleagues to inform them of important / urgent account developments
·        To be successful in this role you will be appropriately qualified and demonstrate meeting or exceeding goals in a specialist / hospital or similarly complex environment. This role will have a function in community portfolio also.

The ideal candidate will have/be:
·        Experience of influencing and working with payers to identify and unlock local access barriers
·        Effective selling skills & Account management experience, including business planning / forecasts, account analysis, stakeholder mapping and performance measurement
·        Proficient user of IT business systems and MS Office - PowerPoint and Excel
·        Entrepreneurial and growth mindset – target driven - join an established start up business
·        Strong sales experience into hospitals, procurement systems, surgeons, nurses, KOLS, within the Acute market. Experience across multiple therapy areas preferred.
·        Conducted and led clinical training sessions
·        Strong sales record with substantial market knowledge is essential
·        Minimum of 5 years' experience within pharma / med device sales or clinical
·        Science or Business QualifiedThe primary function of the role is to sell products in an agreed portfolio, to meet or exceed budget, to maintain existing customers and to develop new accounts. The portfolio is focused on Imaging Devices, Contrast Media and Interventional Imaging Products. This role will cover West Australia and South Australia.

Main Responsibilities
Plan work to achieve or exceed sales targets at minimum cost.
Gather market intelligence (product, price, promotion, discount etc.) by observation, discussion or research. Sources of intelligence will include customers, competitors, suppliers and anyone else affected by its range of products.
Deal with customer queries in a professional and courteous manner.
Liaise with customer on complaints or initiate corrective action.
Train Guerbet customers in the use of products where it is appropriate and the representative is competent to do so.
Maintain good relationships with all staff at all levels of the organization.
Seek new business by planning meetings with key personnel.
Attend conferences and trade displays as required.
Report activities and generate feedback when required.
Some theatre work will be required.
Pharmacovigilance (PV): When requested, act as either the Locally Responsible Pharmacovigilance Person (LRPP), or Deputy LRPP, for managing overall responsibility of the PV activities in Australia.

Educations & Experiences
Minimum 2 years healthcare sales experience. Experience selling similar products is advantageous

Skills & Qualifications
Good communication, interpersonal and organizational skills
Drive and enthusiasm
Strong customer focus
Demonstrate a successful track record in developing a profitable sales territory, and delivering on/over-target sales
Full driving license essential

All informaiton submitted to us will be kept prviate and confiential and will be used for hiring purpose only.Zentiva is a producer of high-quality affordable medicines serving patients in Europe and beyond. With a dedicated team of more than 4,500 people and a network of production sites, Zentiva is private equity company striving to be the champion of branded and generic medicines in Europe to better support people’s daily healthcare needs.

We are looking for a Key Account Manager to join the B2B brach of Zentiva business - https://www.zent2u.com/

The Key Account Manager is accountable for the overall direction, strategy, and performance of the b2b customers including:
·        Accountability for the PNL and gross margin
·        Establishing strong partnership with business clients
·        Managing and developing the right portfolio with the right customers

Key responsibilities:
Build strategy for clients
Prepare and control budget
Be accountable for PNL of the clients
Act as a project manager for launches and transfers for the customers
Be a single point contact for high level of escalation
Maintain contracts and pricing (including implementation of different pricing strategy) for the clients
Identify new market opportunities and acquire new customers proactively
Bring long term visibility to the production site regarding industrial strategy and external customers
Ensure long term partnership with the right customers

Required qualifications and skills:
Proven experience in pharmaceutical business in Commercial / Business Development / In-out-licensing at least for 5 years
Fluency in English and one other European Language is a requirement
International network in pharmaceutical market
Analytical skills (advanced user of IMS)
Strategic thinking: Ability to transfer market data into plans
Entrepreneurial mindset
Able to act independently
Transversal mindset, able to bring people together to get work done
Positive energy giver – that delivers what they promise
Customer orientated with strong personal network
Clear, structured communicator
Able to engage with the #HelpZentivaWin philosophy

We offer the job in a very dynamic environment of one of the fastest growing pharmaceutical companies in Europe, in the team of passionate professionals.DENTAL SALES OPPORTUNITY WITH A WORLD LEADER!

Career Opportunity:

They are seeking an established successful dental sales representative. Products sold are a combination of dental devices, equipment, and materials. Call points are dental labs. This position is a highly visible role within a specialized sales team that is a leader in what they do.

Territory: (CO, UT, AZ, WY). Up to 2-3 overnights per week travel could be expected. Must be willing to travel as needed within the territory.

Compensation: Base salary between $80k (depending on experience) plus commissions, first-year expectation is $120k-$140k. In addition, the position will also offer a car allowance/mileage reimbursement, all expenses paid, and full benefits.

Requirements: 

Bachelors degree required, no exceptions. Clean DMVR. 
Looking for talented sales representatives with a hunter mentality.  2-5 years of dental sales experience preferred.About AbbVie

AbbVie’s mission is to discover and deliver innovative medicines that solve serious health issues today and address the medical challenges of tomorrow. We strive to have a remarkable impact on people’s lives across several key therapeutic areas: immunology, oncology, neuroscience, eye care, virology, women’s health and gastroenterology, in addition to products and services across its Allergan Aesthetics portfolio. For more information about AbbVie, please visit us at www.abbvie.com. Follow @abbvie on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and LinkedIn.
Achieve a deep understanding of the complexities, pressures and opportunities associated with the decision making matrix within each account. Based on that deep understanding articulate predicted payer/provider and payer/provider influencer decision drivers and unmet needs to the brand teams in order to ensure key account situation analysis is holistic.
Highlight the cross-functional impacts of anticipated changes in the payer/provider environment to the IFTs and brand teams in order to further enrich the BT’s anticipation of the future.
Build trusted and strategic relationships with payers/providers in order to anticipate access barriers and better meet agendas, plans and objectives of respective key account.
Identify opportunities and collaborate cross-functionally to engage in “win : win” partnerships with key accounts in order to positively influence contracting and tendering opportunities for product access.
Develop strategy and concise engagement plans specific to accounts with clear objectives and activities in order to optimize usage, funding and access of AbbVie products considering long-term goals of the entire product portfolio.
Negotiate, close and sign deals and/or support/lead the contracting and tendering process and facilitate the development and delivery of proposals in order to meet profit targets.
Regularly track the execution and impact of activities and performance of key accounts in order to constantly improve impact on bottom line.

Qualifications
Bachelor's degree, biological sciences, pharmacy, business related field, or equivalent
Relevant experience with demonstrated track record of success in sales or consultative selling role within biotech/pharmaceutical industry
Ability to translate strategies into actionable and realistic key account engagement plans
Ability to lead, motivate and coordinate cross functional teams (in-field)
Ability to negotiate, close and sign C&T deals with key accounts and with complex customer networks
Solid analytic, business planning and financial acumen skills and solid working knowledge of pharmaco-economic principles
Solid knowledge of payer/provider mindset and motivation in relevant local context
Solid knowledge of payer/provider decision making process and who the key stakeholder/influencers are plus English language proficiency verbally and in writing (for all non-English speaking countries)
Demonstrated track record of success on specific key account (payer/provider) experience strategically and long term as well as tactical within relevant local context preferred
Leadership experience within specific key account based on being part of key account decision making process within C&T situations (if relevant) preferred
Travel
No
Job Type
Experienced
Schedule
Full-time
Job Level Code
IC
Equal Employment Opportunity
At AbbVie, we value bringing together individuals from diverse backgrounds to develop new and innovative solutions for patients. As an equal opportunity employer we do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy), physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, marital status, protected veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristic.Imperial is an African and European-focused provider of integrated market access and logistics solutions. With a focus on five key industries -healthcare, consumer, automotive, chemicals and industrial - we take our clients’ products to some of the fastest growing and most challenging markets in the world.

Ranked among the top 30 global logistics providers and listed on the JSE in South Africa, we seek out and leverage new technology to deliver innovative, end-to-end solutions.

Through our significant African footprint and international expertise, and with the support of our 25 000 people, Imperial’s purpose is to connect Africa and the world - and to improve people’s lives with access to quality products and services.


Job Function:
To assure consistent sales growth and achievement of sales goals and targets in assigned territory by identifying opportunities and gaining new business while maintaining existing business for Imperial.

Core Job Responsibilities:
Develop trusted, deep, collaborative working relationships with strategic clients (Pharmacy chains, Hospital groups, Retailers, DoH) at senior operational leadership levels
Assist the Sales Director and drive the programmes that deliver win-win, long-term agreements
Identify new business opportunities for growth, and motivate these through compelling business cases with measurable and clear value.
Actively contribute to key prioritisation discussions and decisions with senior leadership, to best utilise our sales teams for greatest value outcome
Deliver on agreed revenue-driving projects and initiatives for Imperial
Help remove obstacles to success with our clients and partners.
Work closely with key cross-divisional teams within Imperial to deliver great client service, working with our strategic clients and partners
Communicate and present our strengths with current and potential clients and partners to drive increased levels of partnership and gain additional platforms to engage decisions makers, drive further product usage and deliver superior patient healthcare delivery
Engage regularly with healthcare stakeholders, to understand the healthcare ecosystem and key role-players, to contribute to shape these and to shape Imperial’s future strategy
Actively engage healthcare industry regulators and representative bodies and associations, to develop relationships for new business opportunities, and to mitigate risks.

Qualifications & Experience Required:
A tertiary qualification in Life Sciences, Sales, Marketing or Business
Pro ficiency in Business English (written & spoken)
Minimum 2 years Key Account Management/Sales Management in the Healthcare/Pharmaceutical Industry.
Minimum 5 years sales experience in the Pharmaceutical Industry is mandatory
Existing relationships with major pharmacy groups, hospitals and pharmacy groups
Previous record of above target performance for key accounts in the healthcare environment.

Knowledge & Skills:
Advanced proficiency in MS Office Suite
Skilled at ‘puzzle-piecing’, in and between businesses
Excellent, clear, communication
Proactively managing expectation with leadership in the company and in corporate client relationships
Excellent planning, organizational and problem-solving skills
Great understanding of the South African healthcare industry, and the key stakeholders shaping this industry
Ability to engage, collaborate and influence at all organizational and management levels
Ability to manage complex projects and multi-task

Behavioural Competencies:
Entrepreneurial
Commercial thinking
Self-confident, self-managed and results driven.
Adapting and responding to change
Persuading and influencing
Coping with pressures and setbacks








We are committed to Employment Equity when recruiting and as such preference will be given to candidates who fall within our equity targets. Should you not have received a response within 4 weeks of the closing date of this advert, please consider your application unsuccessful.Role Summary

A successful Key Account Manager within IQVIA will lead new and thought-provoking discussions to challenge status quo and ultimately provide innovative solutions that address our clients’ key business challenges.
They must have a good appreciation of the IQVIA core, our offerings and strong internal network to pull end to end solutions together. Increasingly these engagements should be larger, more complex and longer term to underpin the relationship and value we bring to our clients. In addition to the tactical short term plays which are key to a successful sales performance

Responsibilities

Lead Business Development and Account Management within 5 or 6 key designated clients, delivering revenue targets in line with the IQVIA Global and Spain strategy.
Your day a day will be focused on a specific target of laboratories mainly working in the Specialty Market.
Through gaining an intimate knowledge of the client and challenging with innovation and ideas, develop and close opportunities to provide end-to-end solutions, growing the size/duration/value of sales over time
Develop and maintain a deep understanding of the healthcare industry to maximize value we can offer to clients by offering industry-wide insights
Develop a good understanding of the breadth of IQVIA capabilities to maximize ability to grow accounts
Ensure clients are getting maximum value from existing services to which they subscribe, which includes: 1. Liaising with the client to agree and define requirements; 2. Work with clients and internal IQVIA teams to lead and drive client satisfaction with IQVIA services to underpin propensity for repeat, up-sell opportunities, positive referrals etc
Work collaboratively with IQVIA colleagues across the organization to ensure they are engaged and aligned to the account strategy and support new business opportunities within clients. Work closely with colleagues to pull together successful, complex solutions for clients.
Methodical completion of underpinning sales activities (eg. account planning, financial reporting, opportunity management etc)

Requirements

Bachelors degree
6+ years  experience of account management for a group of pharma clients related to the Specialty Market.
Deep understadning of the Pharma Industry in terms of structures, current/future most relevant needs, different stakeholders, etc.
Proven track record of managing a balanced pipeline of short term tactical opportunities to long term strategic engagements
Evidence of a successful record of solution selling across a diverse portfolio of capabilities
Able to develop a network of senior and middle management contacts to build long lasting trusted partnerships
Strong sales and opportunity management skills across the full sales cycle (from lead identification to contract negotiations and closing)
Able to create strategic and tactical customer plans
Either knowledge of the healthcare sector or experience of successfully moving into a new market sector
Excellent written and verbal communication skills with proven ability to interpret and present complex concepts
Proactive and accountable with the aim to always drive positive client satisfaction
Self-motivated, problem solve who is driven to succeed
Strategic thinker with a solution focus, combined with ability to execute tactically
Ability to develop strong internal relationships and to work collaboratively to pull together client engagements and delivery of projects
Fluency in English (spoken and written); strong written English with excellent interpersonal and verbal communication skills

Desirable Knowledges

Previous experience in Scientific roles (MSL, Medical Advisor, etc.)
Previous experience in Market Access roles
Health Economics & Outcomes ResearchBy clicking the “Apply” button, I understand that my employment application process with Takeda will commence and that I agree with Takeda’s Privacy Notice, Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.

Job Description
Promoting the company's existing brands and introducing new products to the market.(Rare Haematology & Immunology)
Developing marketing opportunities, understanding customers’ requirements, identifying market trends, improvements to achieve the company's marketing goals
Achieve sales and market share targets for the assigned products
Develop and implement of marketing strategies / plans for the assigned products
Develop and executes promotion campaigns in accordance to the brand strategy and sales tactical plan
Analyse market potential and monitor performance against key business metrics
Builds professional business rapport with health care professionals

Locations

Hong Kong

Worker Type

Employee

Worker Sub-Type

Regular

Time Type

Full timeKey Account Manager
Many opportunities for commercial development within the company
Explore leadership potential managing mid-sized teams

About Our Client

The client is a global leader with a long-term commitment to providing reliable life science and technology solutions. The company innovates and develops quality diagnostics, reagents and assays with an aim to constantly set new standards in the industry, and currently has a strong share in most major markets already. With a well-established portfolio in Japan, the company harnesses their passion for innovation and invests heavily to the field of life science and diagnostics.

Job Description

Lead business revenue growth by identifying new business opportunities and high potential accounts.
Work with international and domestic counterparts to coordinate strategy and lead account plans.
Continually identify market feedback and changes to the organization around trends, competitor activities and business development.
Provide regular sales forecasts to management within the target assigned territory.

The Successful Applicant

BSc in biology-related fields, PhD is preferable
More than 2 years of experience in science-based solution sales
Excellent communication skills
Strong attention to detail and ability to problem-solve creatively.

What's On Offer

Collaborate with a diverse range of clients, partners and experts in the fast-growing field of life science research
Boost English language ability through close strategy collaboration with global partners
Demonstrate leadership and team playing abilities to help people and organisations go from idea to innovation faster

Contact: Josephine Yap
Quote job ref: 4132094NeoKare Nutrition Ltd is the first company in UK to bring the concept of collecting, processing and promoting 100% human breast milk derived products to save the lives of premature & critically ill infants.

Neokare has a pharmaceutical-grade manufacturing site in Redditch, Worcestershire with multiple cleanrooms and in-house microbiological and chemical labs.

This exciting new position will involve communicating and building relationships with a wide range of HCPs and managers within the NHS. A key component will be able to support the uptake of a new product within the nutritional space from both a clinical and market access perspective.

Applicants must have a track record of working with NHS hospitals.

ROLE
REQUIRED (Essential)
Understanding of NHS Hospital Selling
Skills associated with both in-person and remote selling (e.g. Zoom)
In-depth understanding of National and localised NHS structures, policies, funding pathways and quality drivers in line with their local health economy
Strong strategic marketing, analytical and planning skills
Highly motivated diligent individual seeking to push OTE’s.
Ability to understand and communicate complex clinical concepts
Willing to travel across the length & breadth of UK
Proven approach to key account/project management and influencing key health care customers.
Demonstrable understanding of ABPI/HPAI Codes of Practice

Preferred
Innovative Drug Experience

Key Responsibilities
To segment the customer base and build a targeted sales approach
Educate and train customers on products and services
Manage product mix, pricing and margins
Developing advocacy at high levels of influence e.g. Key opinion leaders, nurses, Purchasing Heads etc.
Be accountable for all marketing deliverables, as well as participating and presenting at Conferences, external customer meetings, workshops and seminars

NeoKare Nutrition Ltd - An Equal Opportunity Employer
www.neokare.co.ukThe Role

Reporting to the VP, Market Access/Managing Director, Canada, the Senior Director, Key Account Manager, will be the first customer-facing role on Moderna’s newly chartered Vaccines commercial organization in Canada.

This role is critical to Moderna’s transition from clinical-stage to commercial organization, bringing thought leadership and a drive to win the market to our ambitious team of researchers and clinicians. You’ll join a dynamic organization that is growing fast and blazing trails, and you will bring a relentless drive for excellence and how to shape and win in the market. The Key Account Manager will work together with the broader Vaccines commercial team to identify, target, and execute a commercial strategy that develops a market leading position for our world-changing products in Canada.

The Key Account Manager will develop expert knowledge of the products offered by the company and ensure an excellent understanding of customer requirements in the short, medium, and long term. He / she will work closely with customers building strong business relationships at multiple levels within an organization. Representing and communicating customer insights back into the business of market conditions, customer requirements/ opportunities and competitor intelligence is critical to shape informed market and brand strategies. The role will work closely on a day to day basis with colleagues across the commercial organization to help establish product strategies and will take responsibility for implementing tactics to drive growth, market impact and profitable sales within the wider vaccines business.

Here’s What You’ll Do
Establish and maintain connections externally with targeted customers, including Federal and Provincial governments, physicians, health systems, corporate, and other potential customers. We are breaking new ground with our products, so you’ll need to be comfortable with thinking outside the traditional account management landscape to create account strategies that reflect our approach to solving critical unaddressed health needs.
Conceive and develop innovative key account product segmentation and solutions translated across B2C or B2B customer segments that builds and enables a “winning” platform for Moderna’s brands and products.
Build and develop innovative business solutions that lead to new and non-traditional commercial channels for Moderna’s vaccines.
Build and maintain a working understanding of the competitive landscape for our key products (mRNA-1273 COVID-19 Vaccine and mRNA-1647 CMV Vaccine, initially) and the policy environment around these products. In particular, the fast-moving market for mRNA-1273 will require a high degree of adaptability and trust-building with key accounts.
Leverage data and digital enablement tools to prioritize opportunities across a dynamic landscape of potential and target key accounts. Then, you’ll build great relationships and establish trust at multiple levels both within Moderna and our target customers.
Moderna is defining the markets you’ll play in. You’ll need to collaborate with cross-functional product teams at every stage of development through launch to understand how the product landscape is changing and how your account targeting strategies will need to adapt.
Where appropriate manage appointed distributors and agents, ensuring their use is optimized while still maintaining an appropriate relationship with the end customer. Ensure risk is minimized and due diligence complete with contracts negotiated. Work closely with internal stakeholders to manage performance to the customers and establish Key Performance Indicators with distributors in order to review performance and recommend corrective actions.
Deliver best-practice project management oversight for key account activities to ensure Moderna lives up to its promise to patients.
Be a key player in building Moderna’s Vaccines commercial organization, in partnership with a newly forming team that will blaze trails in brand new markets and grow Moderna at an accelerated pace.
Comply with corporate policies and procedures as well as all applicable healthcare laws and regulations.

Here’s What You’ll Bring To The Table
Bachelor’s Degree and 10+ years of progressive excellence in pharmacerutical/biotech account strategy and account management, with a preference for prior experience in vaccines. Demonstrated prior experience with establishing and consistently meeting or exceeding business development targets.
Demonstrated track record of building and driving volume and profitable revenue growth with key corporate accounts.
Ability to collaborate among a range of key areas (marketing, field team, communications, promotion, physician, trade and consumer channels, pricing and contracting, and/or government payers).
Strong portfolio of commercial skills obtained through experience and application with track record of delivery. E.g. Negotiation, building a financial business case, working within commercial teams.
Must be comfortable with ambiguity and a fast-paced, highly dynamic environment that is being defined in real-time. You should be driven and willing to think creatively, and pursue new or novel approaches to business and market development.
Keen understanding of the drug development and regulatory approval process, and of health policy and health care system stakeholders (e.g., managed care, public sector payers, emerging models of care). Clear understanding of all applicable regulatory environments within which Moderna operates commercially.
Excellent communication, presentation, collaboration and influencing skills across internal and external stakeholders.

About Moderna

Moderna is advancing messenger RNA (mRNA) science to create a new class of transformative medicines for patients. mRNA medicines are designed to direct the body’s cells to produce intracellular, membrane or secreted proteins that can have a therapeutic or preventive benefit and have the potential to address a broad spectrum of diseases. The Company’s platform builds on continuous advances in basic and applied mRNA science, delivery technology and manufacturing, providing Moderna the capability to pursue in parallel a robust pipeline of new development candidates. Moderna is developing therapeutics and vaccines for infectious diseases, immuno-oncology, rare diseases, cardiovascular diseases, and autoimmune and inflammatory diseases, independently and with strategic collaborators.

Headquartered in Cambridge, Mass., Moderna currently has strategic alliances for development programs with AstraZeneca, Plc. and Merck, Inc., as well as the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), an agency of the U.S. Department of Defense, the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA), a division of the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response (ASPR) within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) and the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI). Moderna has been ranked in the top ten of Science’s list of top biopharma industry employers for the past five years. To learn more, visit www.modernatx.com .

Our Mission

Deliver on the promise of mRNA science to create a new generation of transformative medicines for patients.

Moderna is a smoke-free, alcohol-free and drug-free work environment.Reports To
VP of Sales

Job Overview
Inova Software is looking for a highly motivated Key Account Manager to upsell and cross-sell its largest Pharmaceutical accounts in the United States. This role will require further development of relationships with senior stakeholders to renew and expand financial partnerships. The KAM will be responsible for co-creating and executing account plans for each strategic client to sustain the company’s expansion and double-digit growth. The KAM will have the support of the organization and a large portfolio of solutions, ranging from enterprise platform, AI technology, and professional services.


Responsibilities
The KAM will:
Upsell and cross-sell Inova’s largest pharmaceutical accounts in the United States
Develop relationships with senior stakeholders to renew and expand financial partnerships
Define and own account penetration and development plans
Leverage on internal resources: Customer Success, Pre-Sales, and Sales Campaign Manager to grow Inova’s footprint
Grow new business opportunities within accounts through targeted outbound and selective inbound activities
Manage reliable opportunity forecasting and leads in the Salesforce CRM  
Increase account and market penetration, with a focus on LinkedIn, campaigns, and conferences
Ensure client renewals and obtain referrals within your accounts


Office Location
Denver, CO or full remote in the Northeast
Will be required to work East Coast office hours
Up to 25% travel required
 Qualifications
The ideal candidate has:
5+ years of sales experience in enterprise solution selling, ideally in the life sciences
A disciplined mentality, and will dedicate time to both high value account renewals as well as growing existing business
Proven experience working with business executives and confidentially navigating through all levels of an organization
Exceptional communication, listening, and presentation skills
History achieving sales targets

Education

Bachelor’s degree
Formal Solution Selling or other sales training a plus

Benefits & Perks

Inova offers competitive financial compensation and a solid benefits package. This includes Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance, a 401k, and generous Paid Time Off – 20 PTO days and 4 personal days, in addition to sick days and certain national holidays. Inova also offers flexible work-from-home options.

Inova is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome all qualified candidates.Per noi, è una Mission

In Mylan, quando diciamo di lavorare ogni giorno per fornire a 7 miliardi di persone l’accesso a farmaci di alta qualità, siamo sinceri. Se sei non convenzionale, infaticabile e appassionato. Se credi nel fare ciò che è giusto, non ciò che è facile. Se sei una persona che agisce e senti il desiderio di fornire assistenza agli altri, vogliamo parlare con te.

Fai la differenza

Ecco Come Questo Ruolo Potrà Aiutarci

In Mylan, ogni persona è in grado di fare la differenza. Tutti abbiamo un ruolo fondamentale per contribuire alla nostra Mission, dai fornitori che vendono e commercializzano i nostri prodotti, ai produttori che li sviluppano e li realizzano, fino ai nostri partners che garantiscono il supporto necessario a questi processi.
Costruire, consolidare e sviluppare rapporti con i clienti Big Pharma nell’area assegnata, assicurando il raggiungimento mensile degli obiettivi
Fornire analisi e programmazione dell’avanzamento rispetto ai KPIs per ogni cliente assegnato
Garantire un alto livello di Customer Satisfaction, monitorando la puntualità nelle consegne, la gestione di resi e scadenze in partnership con le funzioni aziendali di riferimento
Contribuire alla determinazione dei parametri legati all'affidabilità finanziaria dei clienti, l’adeguamento del credito partecipandone all’eventuale recupero, secondo le procedure interne
Proporre e progettare campagne per prodotti specifici focalizzate sul sell out, in collaborazione con il Customer Trade
Analizzare e monitorare l'obiettivo mensile assegnato al fine di garantire una gestione efficiente del Portfolio Mylan
Monitorare i KPI identificando eventuali scostamenti dal piano, anticipando le criticità del mercato e valutando le azioni conseguenti
Garantire la Compliance con le politiche aziendali


Fai dei Nostri Valori i Tuoi Valori

Di Seguito i Principali Requisiti Richiesti Per Questa Posizione

Mylan assume solo i migliori. Persone che crescono in una cultura di innovazione e responsabilizzazione. Persone che vogliono apprendere e hanno un atteggiamento positivo. Persone che sanno essere dei leader, consapevoli che, lavorando insieme, si può correre più veloci, raggiungere vette più alte ed ottenere di più. Facendo questo, continueremo a stabilire nuovi standard nel settore Healthcare.
Laurea in materie scientifiche o economiche
Esperienza consolidata nella vendita e fidelizzazione di clienti strutturati ed in base a cluster definiti
Residenza nei territori di lavoro sopra indicati
Buona conoscenza del pacchetto Office
Completano il profilo: entusiasmo, forte motivazione e attitudine alla vendita, uniti ad un buon approccio relazionale e ad un ottimo orientamento al risultato, nonché eccellente pianificazione volta al raggiungimento degli obiettivi assegnati e nell’ottica di sviluppo del territorio e del portfolio.

Perché Mylan?

Se vuoi essere parte di un’azienda multinazionale nel settore Healthcare che sta facendo la differenza e può cambiare le vite, Mylan può essere il posto giusto per te. Con oltre 35.000 persone che lavorano in diversi Paesi, possiamo fare la differenza. Ti incoraggiamo a visitare il sito Mylan.com per conoscere meglio la nostra cultura "unconventional", il nostro approccio sul mercato e come definiamo nuovi standards nel Healthcare.

Mylan offre una retribuzione competitiva, eccellenti benefit ed un ambiente favorevole alla crescita professionale e allo sviluppo personale. Ogni candidatura qualificata verrà presa in considerazione. In Mylan vige una politica di pari opportunità.

Primary Location

Italy

Organization

BGP Products S.r.l.

Schedule

Full-time

Job Posting

Oct 9, 2020, 7:22:40 AM

Unposting Date

OngoingAre you looking for a career that matters?

We believe every person deserves a chance for a healthy life, free from illness and full of possibility. We see a world full of healing, with viable care options available to those with limited choices today. We envision new ways of providing physicians, pharmacists and nurses with technologies that not only treat chronic diseases, but also work to prevent them. We’re looking for team members who are motivated to learn, grow and innovate, while making a meaningful difference for millions of people around the world.

Learn more about how Baxter is At the Intersection of Saving and Sustaining Lives.

Responsible for delivering consistent business growth and achievement of business goal and sales targets in territories are assigned by BUM

Collaborate & support local distributor to develop the Acute business in selected territories and achieve yearly business targets whilst ensuring full compliance with local law and Baxter’s International Interaction Policy

Manage territory assigned by BUM:
Develop relationships with KOLs, key HCPs via scientific communication and educational activities align with Baxter’s policy and compliance.
Portfolio reimbursement management at SOH and hospital levels via scientific communication and educational activities
Actively seek, identify, analyse and present new business opportunities and improvement ideas to BUM
Support BUM, Marketing & Clinical to prepare for key activities (HCPs training, scientific conference, survey about customer insight…)
Make business planning, tracking and report
Implement daily report in Salesforce.com
Monitor competitors’ activities and report to BUM
Cooperate and support local distributor team:
Work closely with local distributor team to understand tender process and maximise Baxter’s winning rate
Help develop and implement a plan for each territory
Support local distributor team to support enlist new Baxter products in tender list of key hospitals
Support local distributor prepare tender documents and ensure that tender documents are submitted in full and on time

Reasonable Accommodations

Baxter is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If, because of a medical condition or disability, you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or interview process, please send an e-mail to Americas_TTA@baxter.com and let us know the nature of your request along with your contact information.Job Description

Planning
lMap decision processes and identify key decision makers (KDMs)lImplement and monitor an action plan for priority accounts in cooperation with Cluster TeamlApply the pricing policy for all accountslOrganize regular interactions with district managers/sales rep and share center objectives and informationlContribute to development of the marketing/commercial strategy

Execution
lBuild relationships with identified stakeholderslNegotiate sales conditions based on value securing regional and account access lLead the execution part of Key Account Excellence processlEnsure inclusion/access of new products to basic formularieslEnsure a consistent value offer, account calculation and implementation follow-uplExecute the action plan aligned with Cluster Teaml
Tracking
lFollow-up of sales, access, price developmentlContract fulfillmentlFollow-up and update account analysis, stakeholder analysis ensuring developing understanding of customer needslFollow-up of productivity and its impactlUniversity Degree in a Life Sciences/Health or Administrative discipline (Medicine, Pharmacy, Biology, Business Mngt.)l5-8 years of experience as Sales Rep promoting Hospital Pharmaceutical products–Experience in promotion to Government Health Inst. KDMslDemonstrated track record of introduction of new products in Government Health InstitutionslExperience in inclusion of new products with established price conditions with r key decision makerslThorough knowledge of the majority of decision makers in his/her arealProficient in doing scientific/promotional presentationslDemonstrated track record of working with objectives and achieving themlHistory of working in complex and cross-functional teamslHistory of working in innovative and/or multinational companieslAble to read scientific articles and to do oral presentations in English (preferable)lPost-graduate degree or Courses on Negotiation Techniques, Communication Techniques, …lExperience as Key Account Manager (Preferable)lExperience in managing projects/peoplelFluency in English, both in oral and written communication (preferable)

Join Us

If you're seeking a career where you can truly make a difference in the lives of others, a career where you can work at the absolute forefront of biotechnology with the top minds in the field, you'll find it at Amgen.

Amgen, a biotechnology pioneer, discovers, develops and delivers innovative human therapeutics. Our medicines have helped millions of patients in the fight against cancer, kidney disease, rheumatoid arthritis and other serious illnesses.

As an organization dedicated to improving the quality of life for people around the world, Amgen fosters an inclusive environment of diverse, ethical, committed and highly accomplished people who respect each other but compete intensely to win. Together, we live the Amgen values as we continue advancing science to serve patients.IQVIA is the Human Data Science Company™. We are inspired by the industry we serve and provide solutions that enable life sciences companies to innovate with confidence, maximize opportunities and ultimately drive human health outcomes forward. Our approach is Human Data Science – a discipline that advances our understanding of human health and allows stakeholders to make better, more insightful decisions and discover breakthroughs.

Our vision is to be the preferred partner - “from molecule to market” - for major life science and pharma companies.

Join us on our exciting journey!

Job Overview

The Key Account Manager will be directly responsible for growing revenue and profit by leveraging the full IQVIA offerings, identifying new business opportunities in the Life Science and Healthcare industry and developing and executing account plans for his/her assigned client portfolio.

Main Accountabilities
Understands the key priorities of the client to achieve or exceed the assigned revenue and growth goal in assigned account(s)
Typically interfaces with marketing, market research, sales management and/or IT at the manager level in existing and prospective client(s) and provides the key stakeholder management by building and leveraging on strong relationships
Anticipates clients’ needs and, in collaboration with other IQVIA functions such as Consulting, Technology, Payor and Providers Group, Marketing develops and presents proposed solutions to client's complex business issues
Develops strategy for deepening the knowledge of the clients’ stakeholder maps, expanding scope of existing contracts and identifying new business as well as potential win backs opportunities.
Effectively manages renewals and subscriptions.
Represents the company to the client and the client to the company in all sales related activities.
Monitors client satisfaction with contracted deliverables and works with sales management team and Client Service’s management to achieve and maintain a high level of customer satisfaction.


Requirements
At least 4/5 years of Sales or Account management experience in the Life Science or Healthcare industry
Proven ability to drive the sales process from plan to close
Strong understanding of financial reporting/forecasting and sales opportunity management
Ability to communicate, present and influence all levels of the organization, including executive and C-level
Proven success working in a fast-paced, high-growth environment
Experience within an international environment/multinational company
Excellent business sense, with the ability to find creative business-oriented solutions to problems
Excellent listening, negotiation and presentation skills
Excellent verbal and written communications skills
Bachelor's Degree, MSc preferred
Arabic native speaker, fluent English

We know that meaningful results require not only the right approach but also the right people. Regardless of your role, we invite you to reimagine healthcare with us. You will have the opportunity to play an important part in helping our clients drive healthcare forward and ultimately improve human health outcomes.

Whatever your career goals, we are here to ensure you get there!

At IQVIA, we believe in pushing the boundaries of human science and data science to make the biggest impact possible – to help our customers create a healthier world. The advanced analytics, technology solutions and contract research services we provide to the life sciences industry are made possible by our 67,000+ employees around the world who apply their insight, curiosity and intellectual courage every step of the way. Learn more at jobs.iqvia.com.Key Account Manager - Mens and Womens Health/Pharma
Territory: Hampshire, Surrey, Kent, East and West Sussex region.
Package: The Basic £45-£53K basic (maybe a little more depending on background/therapy area etc) with 10% bonus uncapped, £6K car allowance, flexible benefits.

THE ROLE:
I have a true Key Account Manager role for a pharmaceutical company specialising in Mens and womens health. This will be specifically on the women's health side of things. You will sell the products into both primary and secondary care - Mainly selling to GP's, Endocrinologist and Urologists etc. Ideally the new KAM will come with contacts already in place so anyone from a mens/womens health, urology, diabetes, continence, HRT type of background would be great.

QUALIFICATIONS:
Science based / business based degree
• Minimum 3-5 years secondary care sales experience in the pharmaceutical/health care industry with demonstrated success in sales performance.
• Experience in Men’s Health & Women’s Health markets desirable
• Scientific or clinical background desirable.
• Large account management experience highly desired
• Experience with pharmacy and other collaboration partners highly desired
• Experience selling in highly competitive markets is a must

If you are interested in this position, please do contact Nicholas Boan (Director at Calibre8 Recruitment) nicholasb@calibre8.co.uk - please only apply to this position if you have the desired background and experience that is required# Entreprise

Nous recrutons un(e) Key Account Manager pour une JEI (jeune entreprise innovante) dans le domaine médical basée à Paris. Notre client a créé une IA pour soutenir au quotidien des patients atteints de maladies chroniques ou de cancer et répondre à toutes leurs questions.  

Rattaché(e) à l’équipe commerciale et en étroite collaboration avec le Head of Business Development, vous serez en charge de développer et de clôturer des ventes stratégiques auprès de comptes clients déjà existants.

L’objectif clé sera donc de gérer, prévoir et développer avec précision les futures opportunités afin d’accroître le chiffre d’affaires par client.


# Missions

Etablir des relations privilégiées afin de développer une connaissance approfondie de la structure organisationnelle et des enjeux stratégiques des comptes clients

Analyser la concurrence et le marché au sein duquel évoluent vos clients afin d’appréhender au mieux leurs enjeux et besoins et proposer pro activement les solutions adéquates

Elaborer et exécuter un plan de gestion de compte permettant d’atteindre les objectifs de croissance court/moyen/long terme sur chacun de vos comptes 

Coordonner et communiquer efficacement les activités et stratégies de vente au reste de l’équipe commerciale mais aussi aux équipes techniques, scientifiques et gestionnaires de projets. Vous serez la voix du client en interne. Votre objectif est d’identifier les enjeux des clients, de comprendre leurs attentes vis-à-vis de la solution et de proposer aux équipes internes l’amélioration ou le développement de certaines fonctionnalités 

Anticiper, prévoir et planifier l’affectation de ressources internes sur de nouveaux projets. Savoir maintenir à jour un pipeline d’études mandatées par vos clients 

Maintenir à jour le CRM de l’entreprise et la plateforme de gestion de projet afin de permettre au reste des collaborateurs de notre client de prendre connaissance de l’état d’avancement sur chaque compte client 

Créer et maintenir un pipeline d’opportunités pour garantir le dépassement des objectifs


# Profil recherché

Idéalement diplômé(e) de Pharmacie avec un double cursus école de commerce, vous avez un minimum de 2 ans d’expérience dans la gestion de compte auprès de l’industrie pharmaceutique.

Expérience dans le développement de relations au niveau des Directions Générales, la pénétration de comptes, la vente de solutions, la coordination de comptes et filiales à l’échelle internationale

Vous avez la volonté de travailler dans une start-up à fort potentiel de croissance

Vous êtes polyvalent(e), autonome, apte à sortir de votre zone de confort et à collaborer avec des profils variés (scientifiques, développeurs, data scientist…)

Dynamique et convaincant(e), vous êtes fortement motivé(e) à l’idée de construire de nouveaux partenariats et à interagir avec des fonctions clés au sein de laboratoires pharmaceutiques

Solides compétences analytiques, relations interpersonnelles et excellente communication écrite et verbale (français et anglais obligatoirement, espagnol, allemand ou italien recommandé)

Vous êtes capable d’obtenir des résultats concrets, et de prendre rapidement des responsabilités dans l’orientation stratégique de votre projet

Déplacements fréquents en France et à l’internationalKey Responsibilities
Develop strong relationships at the Key accounts to build a strong partnership for expanding the business opportunities across LSI.
Develop and implement an account plan to grow the revenues at the account above market average.
Deliver on bookings and revenues on the Annual Sales Plan in line with Sales budget defined.
Increase SOW for the target accounts
Increase awareness about the Thermo Fisher Scientific products within the users in the account.
Facilitate and execute discovery days, marcom activities ensuring brand awareness for the organization in the market.
Improve CAS score for Laboratory Solutions India
Keep abreast on market and customer research to provide knowledge about market and industry to internal and external customers
Organize regular reviews with Key Accounts
Tracking the shopping list of Accounts and identification of key influencer, decision maker and end user
Mapping of direct and indirect sales in the account
Ensuring the supplies to the target account by coordinating with the operations team

Mandatory Competencies Required
Experience of managing key relationships, execution of contracts in the key accounts.
Strong communication and presentation skills.
Is a self starter and drives actions with passion.
Has very strong convincing and influencing skills.
Serves as a consultant to the target accounts.
Implement Account specific strategy plans.
Performs other duties as assigned by Key Account Management Head.

Work Experience
Minimum 5years of experience.
Should have managed Large Pharma Key Accounts
Must have handled multiple product portfolio.
Experience in sales & sales operations of Chemicalsl, Consumables and Equipment.
Funnel Management through SFA.zum 01.02.2020 | unbefristete Direktanstellung
Osthälfte Deutschland, idealer Wohnort: Rhein/Main, Frankfurt, Köln/Bonn | Referenznummer: 1497
Westhälfte Deutschland, idealer Wohnort: Nürnberg, Würzburg, Erlangen | Referenznummer: 1498

Unser Auftraggeber ist ein hoch innovatives, forschendes Biotech-Unternehmen, welches sich auf die Entwicklung neuartiger Medikamente für Menschen mit schweren, seltenen Krankheiten fokussiert, bei denen ein beträchtlicher medizinischer Bedarf besteht. Aktuell suchen wir im Zuge des Geschäftsaufbaus in Deutschland zwei engagierte Key Account Manager * - Rare Disease - in unbefristeter Direktanstellung.

Unser Auftraggeber bietet Ihnen:
Außergewöhnliche, innovative Präparate sowie eine gute Pipeline
Abwechslungsreiche, herausfordernde Tätigkeit in einem dynamischen Unternehmen
Eigenverantwortliches Arbeiten und Freiraum, aktiv mitzugestalten
Eine attraktive Vergütung plus Bonus, Aktien und Sozialleistungen
Firmenwagen, Notebook und Mobiltelefon

Das sind Ihre Aufgaben:
Durch eine überzeugende Beratung und Betreuung bauen Sie erfolgreich nachhaltige Beziehungen zu Therapieentscheidern * in Kliniken und Zentren auf und aus.
Als Key Account Manager * analysieren Sie Ihr Verkaufsgebiet und erweitern Ihr Verständnis über die wichtigsten Kunden * und Meinungsbildner *.
Zur Kundengewinnung und Zielerreichung entwickeln und planen Sie Strategien und Maßnahmen und setzen diese in Zusammenarbeit mit Ihren Marketing- und Medical-Kollegen * um.
Sie übernehmen eigenständig die Gebiets-, Umsatz- und Ergebnisverantwortung inklusive Datenbankpflege und Dokumentation.
Die Organisation von Veranstaltungen für Ihre Zielärzte * sowie die Teilnahme an Symposien und Kongressen stehen bei Bedarf auf Ihrem Programm.

Das ist Ihr Profil:
Sie verfügen über einen naturwissenschaftlichen Studienabschluss oder die Qualifikation als Geprüfter Pharmareferent *.
Als Spezialist * im Außendienst bringen Sie mehrjährige Vertriebserfahrung mit, gern im Bereich Rare Disease.
Idealerweise verfügen Sie über Know-how im Start-up-Umfeld und bestehende Kontakte in Ihrer Region.
Eine selbstverantwortliche, zielgerichtete und ergebnisorientierte Arbeitsweise zeichnet Sie in besonderem Maße aus.
Sie sind ausgeprägt beziehungsstark und kundenorientiert und arbeiten gern im Team.
Sowohl im Deutschen als auch im Englischen sind Sie ein geschickter Gesprächs- und Verhandlungspartner * mit sehr guten Verkaufsfähigkeiten.
Komplexe Informationen schnell zu durchdringen, ist für Sie eine Leichtigkeit.
Ethisches Verhalten im Rahmen von AMG, HWG, Kodex und den jeweiligen Firmenrichtlinien ist für Sie selbstverständlich.
Eine hohe Motivation, Flexibilität und Reisebereitschaft runden Ihr Profil ab.

Sind Sie bereit für eine neue Herausforderung? Dann freuen wir uns auf Ihre Bewerbung!Die Sanity Care GmbH ist eine 100%ige Tochter der Sanity Group GmbH und konzentriert sich auf die Entwicklung und den Vertrieb von Cannabidiol Produkten im Bereich Wellbeing. Produkte in diesem Segment enthalten nicht-psychoaktive Inhaltsstoffe die aus der Nutzhanfpflanze gewonnen werden. Generell interessant für uns sind eine Vielzahl von Kategorien im Verbrauchersegment, wie z.B. Nahrungsergänzungsmittel, Kosmetik, Lebensmittel & Getränke sowie Produkte im Bereich eLiquids/Vaporizer. Dabei arbeiten wir mit höchstem Qualitätsanspruch und fokussieren uns auf natürliche Inhaltsstoffe.

Um unseren Footprint im Einzelhandel zu verbessern und um unsere Leistungen in der DACH Region auszuweiten, suchen wir derzeit einen Key Account Manager (F/M/D) für unsere Marken VAAY und This Place.

DEIN TERRAIN
Du unterstützt das Team im weiteren Ausbau des Vertriebs bestehender und zukünftiger CBD Brands im Einzelhandel mit einem Fokus auf Drogerien und LEH
Du bist für den Auf- und Ausbau konstruktiver Beziehungen zu allen relevanten Entscheidungsträgern auf Kundenseite verantwortlich
Du entwickelst kundenspezifische Strategien zur Führung der Key-Accounts, inklusive Konditionen und WKZ-Investments zur optimalen Ausschöpfung der Absatz-, Umsatz- und Deckungsbeitragspotenziale
Du bist für die Planung und Durchführung der Kundengespräche und -verhandlungen und insbesondere die Jahresgespräche verantwortlich 
Du begleitest den Akquise-Prozess von der Identifikation potentieller Kunden, über die Vertragsverhandlung bis hin zum Vertragsabschluss
Du erstellst aussagekräftige Vertriebsmaterialien und Trainingspräsentationen für unsere Kunden

DAMIT ÜBERZEUGST DU UNS
Du kannst dich mit unserer Mission, den europäischen Cannabis Markt zu revolutionieren, identifizieren und willst deinen Beitrag dazu leisten
Du besitzt ein abgeschlossenes Studium oder eine kaufmännische Ausbildung und bringst Berufserfahrung im Bereich B2B Vertrieb / Key Account Management idealerweise im Bereich FMCG (Kosmetik, Nahrungsergänzung, Food) oder relevanten Start-up Umfeld (z.B. Food Startups) mit
Du besitzt idealerweise bereits ein Netzwerk aus Einkäufern in den relevanten Einzelhandelsketten (z.B. Drogerien, Supermärkte, LEH) 
Du besitzt ein exzellentes Verhandlungsgeschick, bist sehr kommunikationsfähig und durchsetzungsstark
Du bist überdurchschnittlich gut im Umgang mit Excel und Powerpoint 
Du sprichst Deutsch auf Muttersprachenniveau und fließend Englisch

WORAUF DU DICH FREUEN KANNST
Flexible Arbeitszeiten in einem innovativen und agilen Arbeitsumfeld
Unkomplizierter Umgang miteinander in flachen Hierarchien und mit kurzen Entscheidungswegen
Eine offene Kultur und agile Arbeitsweise mit viel Raum zum Gestalten und Platz für deine Ideen
Faire Bezahlung orientiert an deiner Qualifikation und Erfahrung
Interne und externe Weiterentwicklungsmöglichkeiten, denn Stillstand bedeutet Rückschritt
Eine Fehlerkultur mit dem Motto “Fail fast”, denn Fehler machen uns besser, wenn wir transparent damit umgehen und daraus lernen
Teamevents und eine Menge Spaß neben der Arbeit

WAS DU NOCH ÜBER UNS WISSEN SOLLTEST
Wir sind ein Team mit einer Vision: Wir bauen die Infrastruktur für die Cannabis Revolution in Europa. Um das zu erreichen leben wir eine klare „People first“ Kultur - egal ob Patienten oder unsere Mitarbeiter: Menschen stehen immer an erster Stelle. Description

Key Account Manager

(Based in Halifax - Covers New Brunswick, Nova Scotia, Prince Edward Island and Newfoundland)

Position Summary

Paladin is currently recruiting a Key Account Manager (KAM)for Maritime territories. This role is responsible for building and maintaining a strategic customer relationship on behalf of Paladin Labs. The KAM also assist in awareness of Paladin Labs products and portfolio,resolve customer issues and provide a point of contact.

The KAM acts as a business partner to selected practices; addressing current unmet needs and identifying opportunities for Paladin Labs growth in a manner that is consistent with applicable laws and Paladin Labs policies. The KAM collaborates with all other commercial customer facing roles including the National Senior Manager Key Accounts, Government Affairs and Marketing, to provide the necessary support to all identified key accounts. The KAM is also responsible for the coordination and set up of quarterly business reviews with key accounts to help enhance Paladin Labs relationship and improve customer continuity in these key accounts.

Reports To

RegionalKey Accounts Manager

Specific Responsibilities
Manage and plan sales to achieve brand revenue targets.
Enhance the delivery and utilization of Paladin Labs products and provide leadership in planning, organizing and communicating the value of Paladin Labs portfolio to all involved stakeholders.
Design and develop strategic plans for the key medium and large Practice customers by analyzing, researching, and identifying opportunities for Paladin Labs growth and development within assigned territories and accounts.
Ensure that Strategic Account activities are developed and implemented in a manner consistent with applicable laws and Paladin Labs policies.
Work to engage HCPs to accelerate the organic growth of the specialty portfolio of products.
Work with key members of each brand to promote cross-enterprise thinking and action on behalf of the customer.
Work within each account to identify key influencers that will enable product portfolio growth.
Build and maintain critical partner relationships with group practices at all levels of staff including C-Suite, practice management, appropriate office staff, and clinical personnel.
Identify key thought leaders in hospitals with growth opportunity, targeting and establishing effective relationships with these influential customers, including physicians, nursing staff, clinical pharmacists, and hospital administration.
Resolve customer issues, ensuring all parties and team members are kept informed of relevant information and resolution, in order to enhance customer loyalty and revenue generation.
Manage allocated budget within assigned accounts.
Lead the development and implementation of the strategic plan for key accounts in conjunction with the cross functional teams.
Translate the strategic marketing and regional sales plans into account-specific plans and actions.
Review and analyze data/systems/processes to identify and create business opportunities and to improve tactical implementation of strategic goals.
Characteristics of a Good Candidate
Analytical and strategic thinking skills
Able to identify needs and to coordinate multiple stakeholders for a common objective
Must have demonstrated prior top sales performance for multiple years
Entrepreneurship
Excellent territory management skills
Excellent oral and written communication
Strong capability in hospital account management
Proven sales performance track record
Collaboration and Teamwork
Strong negotiation, strategic analysis, leadership and customer networking skills
Travel50% of the time
Candidate Profile

Required
University degree in science, health science, pharmacy or business.
Minimum 5 years of experience in pharmaceutical Hospital sales with a strong record of achievement.
Experience in multiple therapeutic field experience and the support of in-patient to out-patient continuum of care.
Experience in a matrix selling environment.
Strong understanding of diagnosis and treatment referral patterns/specialties.
Strong knowledge of the Canadian pharmaceutical industry.
Knowledge of Regulatory, Compliance and Legal realities of the healthcare environment (external & internal).
Knowledge of Customer data software.
Strong computer skills (spreadsheet, database applications, presentation software and word processing).Our client was founded in 1990 with a mission to become a leading, trusted brand for sustainable healthcare and biomedical product solutions. For more than 25 years now, they respond to the needs of the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, hospital/clinical and industrial customers, offering a unique perspective on scientific research in general. As a result, they play a critical role in product development for worldwide applications and have established a reputation as a manufacturer of high-quality and innovative medical and laboratory equipment. On behalf of our client, we are looking for a qualified person at the earliest possible time: - Key Account Manager Europe (m/w/d) –

Tasks
 Manage important European as well as global accounts and related GAP activities in Europe  Build an Account Plan for each named account, keeping it up to date on an ongoing basis and sharing its content with team members  Driving revenue growth programs within the accounts  Initiate sales activity with top level management at target industry accounts and coordinate cross functional teams  Coordinate End User strategy and execution with global counterparts  Participate in an account team-selling environment, providing the Prospect/Customer with the primary point of contact within the company  Attend and participate in customer team meetings and communicate regularly with account team members to ensure customer satisfaction  Represent the company at important industry events and participate in industry specific activities  Maintain and grow positive client relationships, liaising between clients and management  Implement and execute effective sales campaigns to ensure maximum penetration of named accounts across all divisions and regions globally  Seek to expand and strengthen the company´s presence by establishing proactive relationships with influential people, both within the customer and identified key third parties  Maintain an accurate and current pipeline of opportunities within CRM system and provide real-time visibility of such to the management  Understand target market product trends and specifications and communicate requirements to Product and Corporate Marketing groups

Requirements

 A Bachelor’s degree in Science or related field  Experience in selling through multiple channels of distribution  5 years laboratory capital equipment Management or other capital equipment sales experience  Experience working with laboratory end-users as well as purchasing and procurement and architect planning and construction companies  Ability to motivate, coach and manage indirect and direct sales channels  Ability to build relationships with our channel partners  Strong analytical skills  Strong presentation and communication skills both verbal and written  Proficient with Microsoft office and experience with Office 365 CRM and ERP software  Experience negotiating and writing contracts and large project proposals  Must possess integrity and honesty, as well as be self-motivated with a cooperative management style  Critical thinking skills  Strong teamwork orientation, oral and written communication skills with all levels within the company, with strong emphasis on the sales team  Coach direct reports, tracking milestones and success

 Must have a working home office space conducive to conducting business professionally on the telephone and computer  This position requires frequent overnight travel 50%  In addition to visiting customer laboratory and office locations, this position will entail frequent joint field travel with Area and/or Territory Managers, executive management and the associates from corporate headquarters and Japan  Multiple day meetings in various cities nationally required quarterly or more frequently. At times global travel may be necessary  This position will require you to sit or stand for extended periods of time in meetings and at shows  Must be able to drive between cities and accounts as well as fly commercially  Must have valid driver’s license and Passport for international travelTHIS IS HOW YOUR JOURNEY BEGINS.
Build, maintain and develop strong partnerships with client portfolio through regular contacts. Develop new business opportunities across all application fields at established clients by prospecting and researching each account potential (mapping, networking …).  Coordinate technical projects with global commercial team in to support design change in customer packaging components.  Be the face of the customer internally, manage customer forecast, and define legal framework in accordance with G15 guidelines.  Manage account supply chain, budgeting, and forecast. Strong communication, negotiation, reporting and verbal and written skills are an absolute requirement to meet the demanding job functions.  

Your primary responsabilities :
Manage and grow potential of existing client portfolio through regular meetings and conference calls.
Secure and nurture long term partnerships with designated client portfolio.
Monitor, report, elevate and develop solutions to any potential issue which could negatively impact customer satisfaction.
Engage in complex problem solving (technical, commercial, quality, regulatory …).
Organize regular Business Review, Quality, Technical and other cross functional meetings.
Develop, manage and leverage internal network to facilitate resolution of complex discussion.
Apply effective collaboration skills with global stakeholders and partners such as: site Customer Service, Supply Chain, Manufacturing etc. in support of Customer goals.
Prepare and monitor budget assumptions for client portfolio.
Propose and establish contractual framework with large accounts whenever necessary (Supply Agreements, Long Term Pricing Contracts, Annual Price review and negotiation, Equipment Agreement …).
Actively participate in the preparation, negotiation and enforcement of relevant legal agreements.
Apply Industry knowledge of the pharma in general and active packaging industry specifically
Identify and qualify new opportunities within project portfolio.
Participate in trade shows or conference.
Monitor and communicate industry trends to interested stakeholders.
Maintain accurate master data in various databases and manage key sales data and sales reporting in systems.
Be in tune with pharma and pharma packaging industry news.
Prepare and report relevant information in visit and monthly reports.

YOU SHOULD WORK HERE BECAUSE WE:
attract and develop high performing people.
promote a diverse and inclusive work environment.
allow for failure by allowing people to make mistakes through an open and trusting environment.
invest in the development of employees through local, regional and global career opportunities.
contribute to the communities where we reside.
 WHAT YOU WILL BRING ON THE JOURNEY
Required Qualifications
BS or higher degree in Engineering, Biomedical or related scientific field, or Business Degree with strong technical interests.                                                       
4+ years experience in Pharma or Diagnostic Packaging.
Strong computer skills utilizing CRM and MS Office.
Appreciation and willingness to understand regulatory requirements.
Skills and abilities
Strong communication skills, able to give presentations and lead complex technical and business discussions internally and externally.
Excellent interpersonal skills.
Detail oriented and rigorous.
Independent and self-motivated.
Driven and eager to learn.
Strategic thinker with good analytical skills.
Team player and ability to work in a multicultural environment.
Efficient time management.
Ability to travel up to 40%.Key Account Manager (Cardiovascular)
North Yorkshire
Including East Riding of Yorkshire, Hull, North Yorkshire, Vale of York.


Main responsibilities include (but are not limited to):

Achieve sales targets by developing sales growth and market access.
Successful development and implementation of the territory business plan.
Targeting, profiling and development of KOLs in order to allocate appropriate use of internal resources.
Develop and improve the level of product advocacy in key accounts.
The ability to access customers remotely or/and face to face.
Maintain high levels of commercial and environmental knowledge in order to support changing clinical practice, local NHS services, pathways and guidelines.
To support the wider team including sales, marketing and medical teams 


Requirements for the role include:

Excellent Key account management skills including:

Account planning, commercial acumen and awareness
Compliance and regulatory knowledge
Analytical skills with the ability to identify and prioritise business opportunities
Extensive knowledge of the NHS
Excellent listening, communication and presentation skills
Proactivity and flexibility
A team player who is single minded and focused on success with an honest, respectful and mature approach
Remote customer contact ability and cardiology knowledge are desirable
You hold a Science Degree
you are ABPI qualified
experience of working within the pharmaceutical industry (in Secondary Care)
You are computer literate and can use Microsoft Office packages
You have good organisation and planning skills
You must live on territory


Report a side-effect with a Drug:
https://www.servier.co.uk/report-a-side-effect/The Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma (MPM) Key Account Manager is a key position within the US Business Team. The Key Account Manager will be responsible for all sales and account management related activities in major academic centers that are MPM centers of excellence calling on radiation oncology, thoracic surgeons and the MPM treatment teams. The right candidate for this position thrives in a dynamic startup culture with significant autonomy to build and grow the business. The successful Key Account Manager is a resourceful self-starter who is driven by performance, teamwork, and passion for patients.

This is a full time, exempt, field-based position that reports to the Business Leader, MPM.

Essential Duties & Responsibilities
Provide field based promotion and account management activities directed to MPM professionals in academic centers of excellence with a primary emphasis on radiation oncology, thoraric surgeons, MPM treatment teams and a tertiary focus on GBM
Development and implementation of strategic account plans utilizing a collaborative team approach
Uncovering business opportunities through customer relationships and key account insights (e.g., practice model, patient care model, etc.)
Excellence in execution of corporate and regional strategies within assigned geographic area resulting in achievement of business objectives
Responsible for identifying new business opportunities and grow existing accounts within approved labeling in the territory
Provide in territory customer service support related to reimbursement and billing activities
Work closely withScientific Liaison (SL), Thought Leader Liaison (TLL), Device Support Specialists, in-house Reimbursement, Sales Operations, and the US Business Team
Comply with all Novocure policies, SOP’s and guidelines
Maintain account/CRM records


Qualifications/Knowledge
Field sales/account management experience in oncology therapeutics and/or radiation oncology in academic centers of excellence as well as thoraric surgery
Minimum of 5 years of sales experience with a proven track record of success
Experience and relationships in radiation oncology in academic centers would be considered a key asset as well as thoraric surgery, specifically related to MPM
Knowledge of the oncology healthcare providers in academic institutions within the territory
Expert ability in managing an oncology therapeutic business on an account basis with responsibility for sales, local marketing, reimbursement and technical support functions
Minimum of an undergraduate degree required. Advanced degree preferred
Must have a proven ability to work in a fast paced organization with minimum supervision, good judgment and sound decision making skills
Proven ability to multi-task numerous responsibilities and to interact effectively with key internal and external stakeholders
Superior oral and written communication skills
Ability to adjust quickly to business needs and customer demands
Ability to dedicate 75-80% of time to travel on a weekly basis. This position will require a minimum of 4 days travel per week covering multiple states and will involve overnight stays . Travel outside of territory on occasion


Other
Must be eligible to work in the U.S.
Ability to lift 15 pounds
Local candidates only, no relocation assistance provided


About

Our vision

Patient-forward: aspiring to make a difference in cancer.

Our patient-forward mission

Together with our patients, we strive to extend survival in some of the most aggressive forms of cancer by developing and commercializing our innovative therapy.

Our patient-forward values

– innovation

– focus

– drive

– courage

– trust

– empathyJob Description

The Key Account Manager (KAM) will be responsible for the development and execution of the key customers and accounts in collaboration with the respective RD to ensure long term success of the BIIB portfolio at the Division and Account Level. The KAM is responsible for facilitating a ONE BIOGEN strategic engagement approach for the key accounts in their territory. He or she will identify opportunities and evolving trends that create mutually beneficial collaborations where patient access to care increases and quality of care improves. The KAM is responsible for regular interactions with key customer KMEs, Prescribers and Administrators in order to understand and collaborate on account needs. The KAM is expected to interact routinely and collaboratively with the local sales teams and cross-functional partners to improve engagement in the accounts and increase Biogen trust and value with our Key Customers.

Functional / Leadership Competencies
Strategic Focus/Mindset
Involves looking, planning, and moving into the future with clear intentions and purposeful actions. Looks for opportunities to innovate that support business success today and in the future. Provides insights and perspectives that may influence the achievement of business goals based on emerging trends and changes in the marketplace.
Building and Leveraging Networks
Acting to establish and maintain connections externally with targeted customers, physicians, and Key Medical Experts (KMEs) who are willing and able to provide the information, ideas, expertise, and/or influence needed to promote current thinking and approaches to SMA or MS and, as regulations allow, support for Biogen’s approach; and internally with department personnel who provide understanding of SMA or MS and support Biogen’s customers and markets.
Healthcare Business Acumen
Builds and maintains a knowledge of healthcare policy, managed care, reimbursement process, and internal and external resources regarding both Biogen’s and competitors’ products. Stays abreast of changes in the healthcare environment, marketplace economics and industry trends and anticipates future changes. Understands the value proposition for Biogen’s offerings.
Strategic Customer Focus, Planning & Execution
Effectively leverages data and information and prioritizes business opportunities to build, execute, and evaluate strategic account plans. Keeps patients, payers and physicians front and center in their daily work and collaborates to solve critical scientific and business challenges. Listens with empathy to respond to current needs and to develop the foresight to anticipate future needs. Drives success through win-win outcomes.
Balancing Stakeholders
Understands what is important to each stakeholder and then aligns them towards a common purpose. Proactively includes all stakeholders that can influence a decision. Establishes strong business relationships at multiple levels, both internally and externally; regularly looks for ways to strengthen or expand these relationships; demonstrates a talent for enlisting others’ support around shared values and goals.
Business Development
Has comprehensive understanding of the customer’s business environment including business drivers and economics; readily shares this knowledge to drive business and better serve the customer; acts as the "voice" of the customer; develops an in-depth and long-term partnership with customers. Possesses a thorough understanding of the needs and perspectives of key decision makers to identify opportunities to partner with key customers.
Decision Making
Identifying and understanding issues, problems, and opportunities; comparing data from different sources to draw conclusions; using effective approaches for choosing a course of action or developing appropriate solutions; taking action that is consistent with available facts, constraints, and probable consequences.
Impact and Influence
Creating and executing influence strategies that persuade key stakeholders to take action that will advance shared interests and business goals.
Responsibilities Include (but Not Limited To)
KME Engagement Plan & Execution
Divisional Performance
Co-Leads the development and execution of the Strategic Account Plan with the Regional Director.
Responsible for pull through of the account plan with the RD through routine calls and meetings
Responsible for the deployment of value based healthcare commercial resources that challenge account thinking, elevate care and increase utilization of comprehensive care measures in clinical practice leading to improved outcomes of patients with MS.
Participate/Co-Lead routine ONE Biogen cross functional market meetings with focus on account/customer profiling, performance engagement and accountability
Speaker Training/Bureau Management
Ad Boards & Congresses KME Engagement
Above MS
Customer targets include but not limited to MS Neurologists, Key customer Directors/Dept. Head, Administration, Finance, Pharmacy, Billing, PT/OT, Rehab, Social Work, GI, Urology, Neuro-Ophthalmology, Neuro-Psychology, Radiology, Integrated payers, etc.
Manages communication cadence of Biogen cross functional team engagement at the account level.
Understands role of cross-functional partners (field sales, MA&R and Medical) and works collaboratively with each function to achieve maximum results and create a ONE BIOGEN approach across assigned centers.
Demonstrates peer leadership with local field teams, Regional Directors, cross-functional partners and internal leadership.
Responsible for elevating the level of engagement between all Biogen stakeholders at Key customers.
Accountable for the development of Strategic engagement opportunities with KMEs within assigned Key customers.
Provides proactive communication to Key customer stakeholders (internal and external)
Proactively communicates updates and trends to Key Customer Directors
Gathers insights from aligned Centers and serve as a rapid conduit of information back to the Key Customer Lead and the broader organization.
Collaborates with Franchise Marketing on Key Customer team initiatives and aligns to marketing direction
Maintains substantial expertise on Healthcare Reform and Comprehensive Care
Conducts QBRs.
Aligns MSCC activities to the most current sales and marketing direction.
Strong problem solving and analytical skills.
Proficiency with Biogen support platforms (ie., QLIKSENSE, VEEVA, etc).
Demonstrates strong EQ skills.
This position will cover the area Northern MA, NH,VT and ME.

Qualifications
Minimum 5-7+ years of pharmaceutical/biotech experience
Ideally 2+ years of experience in the MS Disease State or other related chronic disease
Account Management Experience preferred, experience navigating complex accounts critical for success
Technical knowledge of health care reimbursement from a patient and provider perspective
Establishes effective relationships through mutual respect and trust in dealing with others
Must be comfortable with ambiguity and not having set processes and structures in place
Ability to identify issues quickly and develop recommendations to resolve in a timely, compliant manner.
Strong presentation skills. Ability to clearly and succinctly convey his/her ideas to either groups or individuals
Advanced understanding of Biogen’s culture. Knowledgeable in current and possible future policies, practices, trends, technology, and information affecting his/her business and organization
Strong regional and national Managed Care knowledge
Strong organizational and communication skills- ability to navigate communication between BIIB and the HCP office
Understanding of patient privacy laws including HIPAA and similar state laws
Advanced understanding of compliance with OIG & regulatory requirements.
Demonstrated ability to navigate in ambiguous and complex environments
Strong problem solving skills
Product training on Biogen portfolio
Driving is an essential duty of this job; candidates must have a valid driver’s license to be considered.
The Key Customer Manager must demonstrate a long-term track record of adherence to Biogen Corporate Compliance Policies.
The Key customer Strategy Lead will be field based and require significant travel that may extent from 40-80% depending on the territory geography, customer requirements, meetings and required training.
Education

BS/BA Required, MBA Preferred

Additional Information

The Key Account Manager (KAM) will be responsible for the development and execution of the key customers and accounts in collaboration with the respective RD to ensure long term success of the BIIB portfolio at the Division and Account Level. The KAM is responsible for facilitating a ONE BIOGEN strategic engagement approach for the key accounts in their territory.

All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.Hybrid Key Account Manager

South West

£32,000-£36,000

Bionical Solutions are seeking a Hybrid Key Account Manager to join a new project working with one of our major pharma clients. Of course with the current situation, it is likely this role will be 100% remote working initially, with the plan to introduce some field-based work when the restrictions relax.

The position will be working on a “pull-through” campaign, focusing on patient identification rather than a product sell. It will involve you making calls over the telephone and our digital platform to educate healthcare professionals within primary care on patients with a dermatological condition that need referring to secondary care. This will include GPs with specialist interest, and dermatology focused GPs.

You'll also be given full training and ongoing coaching and support to ensure you're succeeding and given the opportunity to develop.

But what to Bionical do? Bionical Solutions specialise in a multichannel strategy of engaging healthcare professionals and driving pharma and med-device sales across a range of therapy areas. We're a market leader in our field and work with some of the most recognisable brands in the market. We're also proud of our Clinical and Digital divisions, caring for patients in the UK and developing software to support HCP's across the globe.
Who are you?

You'll absolutely need to have experience of pharmaceutical sales within primary care, and hold your ABPI qualification. Of course, if you’ve worked on a pull-through campaign or have educated on patient identification previously then this would be ideal.

You’ll preferably have some effective remote sales channel experience, but we will consider applications from field reps if your motivation is in the right place. You'll need to maintain momentum and positivity, remember, you'll be at home with the cat and your customers - if you're having a good or bad day there's only your remote colleagues to bounce off.

We’re also seeking individuals available for a November start, unfortunately if your notice period is longer than a month then timings may not work.

Finally, if remote selling is new to you, you’ll need to be able to adapt and take on board feedback and suggestions. What may have worked for you out in the field could be very different over the phone, but our managers are excellent at providing guidance and new tricks to try, so you’ll no doubt have the support you need to succeed.

Does this Hybrid Key Account Manager sound like the right next step for you? If so, then please make a confidential application today.

At Bionical Solutions, we value having a diverse workforce and welcome applications from anyone able to demonstrate their suitability for the role. We recruit without regard to age, disability, gender reassignment, marital or civil partner status, pregnancy or maternity, race, colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin, religion or belief, sex or sexual orientation.International Key Account Manager (m/f/d)

zur Erweiterung der Abteilung International Business and Licensing.

Ihre Aufgaben

Betreuung und Unterstützung ausgewählter internationaler Vertriebspartner
Ausbau des Geschäftes mit bestehenden Vertriebspartnern
Durchführung von Markt-, Preis-, Wettbewerbs- und Kundenanalysen
Mitwirkung bei der Erstellung von Preisgenehmigungen, Erstattungsanträgen und Tendern
Organisation und Durchführung von Kundenschulungen
Repräsentation des Unternehmens auf Veranstaltungen und Messen
Ihr Profil

Erfolgreich abgeschlossenes (Fach)- Hochschulstudium
1-3 Jahre Erfahrung in einer vergleichbaren Position in der Pharmaindustrie
Verhandlungsgeschick, Teamfähigkeit, Entscheidungskraft
Sehr gute Kommunikationsfähigkeit
Verhandlungssichere Deutsch- und Englischkenntnisse
Ihre Perspektiven

Eine herausfordernde und abwechslungsreiche Tätigkeit
Ein dynamisches Umfeld mit flachen Hierarchien
Integration in ein hochmotiviertes Team
Haben wir Ihr Interesse geweckt? Dann senden Sie Ihre Bewerbungsunterlagen per E-Mail an .

Wir freuen uns auf Ihre Bewerbung

Hier die Stellenanzeige auch im PDF Format erhältlich Herunterladen
Mehr zum Thema Karriere bei AMW
Sie möchten gern sofort über unsere aktuellen Stellenangebote informiert werden?
Registrieren Sie sich einfach für unseren Newsletter.
Indem Sie fortfahren, akzeptieren Sie unsere Datenschutzerklärung.
Datenschutzeinstellungen
Wir nutzen Cookies auf unserer Website. Einige von ihnen sind essenziell, während andere uns helfen, diese Website und Ihre Erfahrung zu verbessern.Key Account Manager (m/f/d)
 Location: field position, northern Germany
Starting date: As soon as possible

Who are we?
MYR Pharmaceuticals is a young German biotech company based in Bad Homburg. Our team is international and dynamic, and we value flexibility and teamwork, as we believe they are the key to success. We are continuously working on creating a comfortable workplace in which ideas are shared and discussed freely. Our lead product, bulevirtide, has a unique and innovative mechanism of action of HBV/HDV entry inhibition. Bulevirtide has received PRIME status (Priority Medicines) at the EMA (European Medicines Agency) and breakthrough designation for treatment of chronic Hepatitis D at the FDA.

What and who are we looking for?
MYR Pharmaceuticals is growing and developing rapidly. Therefore, we are looking for more colleagues to strengthen our team! Our lead product, bulevirtide has been approved for the treatment of chronic hepatitis D. In order to present our product to the market and thus provide the patients who suffer from hepatitis D with it, we are looking for a Key Account Manager (m/f/d).

Your profile
Completed studies in natural sciences, medicine or pharmacy or an authorized status as a pharmaceutical consultant (Pharmaberater) in line with §75 AMG
Independency, motivation, flexibility and thinking outside the box
Negotiation skills
Very good command of English both written and spoken
Excellent command of German or French (depending on the location applying for)
Willingness to travel and readiness for hotel stays
Independency, motivation, flexibility and thinking outside the box
Advantages
A doctoral degree
Experience and/or customer contact in the hepatology, gastroenterology or infectiology field

Your tasks
Identification and visits to medical and scientific centers
Visits to pharmacists to present our product
Introduction of our innovative product for treatment of chronic hepatitis D
Building long-term relationships with healthcare professionals through face-to-face scientific information exchange 
Visits to physicians and resident specialists in the fields of hepatology, gastroenterology and infectiology
Scientific explanation of hepatitis D, as well as the corresponding therapy, with a focus on bulevirtide
Organization of regional training events and participation in national and international trainings and congresses
Analysis of linked sales results in order to make strategic recommendations

What we offer
At MYR Pharmaceuticals we are looking for unique employees for our unique product. In our team, instead of building walls between different departments, we tear them down together.
In order to make you feel great working with us, we offer:
A permanent position with the opportunity to develop quickly within the company
An attractive fixed salary, with an addition of bonuses based on your performance
A company car of the upper middle class, which you can also use privately

If this sounds interesting to you, please send us your CV, letting us know which position and location you are applying for. We are looking forward to meeting you!
For any further information, please contact us via the E-Mail address which you can find below.

Contact person: Florian Vogel
E-Mail: career@myr-pharma.comTitle: Sales/ Account Director: Europe (Life Sciences / Pharma – IT Services in Regulatory)
Location: Germany: remote - DACH

Our Client: Is an international IT Services Company for the Life Sciences Industry (Consultancy, Project Services & Outsourcing). They are publicly quoted, employ over 3500 staff and operate throughout Europe, the US & Asia working with businesses that have high demands for quality, regulatory, safety and business requirements.

Targeting Life Sciences customers, we are looking for an experienced commercial individual that can Partner Manage their relationship with a major SW Product Partner whilst also driving Business Development Activities with OLS Accounts (Chemical, Cosmetic, CPG) across Europe.

This is an expansion role, not replacement, and we need someone that is strong commercially, flexible given there stage of growth but equally the kind of person that has a track record with dealing with Large Partners & Enterprise Customers, from Life Sciences & Pharma and with a successful track record selling to and engaging with, these kinds of customers.

Services offerings include solutions for:

Regulatory,
Clinical,
Laboratory,
Quality Management
and GxP IT services.


Sales profile
·       You have 10+ years of commercial sales experience (Services and/or SW background) within the Life Sciences / OLS vertical with a proven track record of having successfully won projects at larger customer accounts.
·       You have a strong IT background and good understanding of regulatory requirements.
·       Your network in the industry is well established.
·       You will be introduced to and handle all aspects and phases of the sales cycle including compliance and administrative tasks.
·       You handle the priorities of sales efforts and will build a pipeline of short-and long-term opportunities.

What are we offering:

Our client is all about the long term. Every hire is an investment and whilst we are looking for Sales & Business Development professionas to succeed… we also want to offer a career direction and opportunities for advancement. Any package will be geared to be both competitive as well offer strong upside through success. At the same time we will be offering exciting challenges, career opportunities and an attractive working environment for the long term with talented and dedicated colleagues. This is a business that emphasises trust, knowledge sharing and teamwork very much.

For further information… please feel free to get in touch.Job Description

Nuestros representantes del territorio interactúan cara a cara con nuestros clientes, comprenden sus necesidades y consultas para ofrecer las soluciones adecuadas. Trabajamos en colaboración con los equipos de ventas de campo y desempeñamos un papel fundamental en el apoyo a nuestro modelo empresarial centrado en el cliente.

Objetivo del Cargo

Ejecutar y cumplir los programas y presupuestos de ventas de su zona, previamente diseñados en coordinación con su Gerente de Unidad de Negocios. Garantizar la ejecución del Plan de acción de cuentas claves asignadas y lograr una mayor penetración sobre el mercado. Garantizar una correcta implementación de las plataformas/programas de la Unidad de Negocio a nivel de usuarios finales (productores) de la región.

Responsabilidades
Asegurar el cumplimiento de la cuota de ventas al 100% en el territorio asignado, cumpliendo con los indicadores de gestión de negocio. Se incluyen entre otros

Cumplimientos de Planes de Negocio
Inventario de distribuidores en el canal (cuando aplique)
Desarrollar y ejecutar el plan de acción a nivel de las cuentas claves asignadas, aumentando su penetración o la introducción de nuevas plataformas de salud.

Asegurar la excelencia en la administración del territorio (listados, manejo de presupuesto, reportes de visitas, actualización de clientes) alineado a la herramienta MAXX.

Ofrecer capacitación técnica a colegas de campo, clientes finales, estudiantes de universidad y todos aquellos interesados en el uso de nuestros productos. Se incluyen, entre otras actividades
Capacitaciones técnicas internas a FFVV de nuestra compañia y a clientes sobre programas avanzados
Aplicar efectivamente las políticas de comercialización de la compañía, velando por el cumplimiento de los objetivos de ventas.

Formación Profesional
Médico Veterinario y/o Zootecnista
Nivel de ingles intermedio
Entrenamiento en Sistemas (especifique) Word, Excel, Power Point

Nuestra División de Salud Animal es un líder mundial de confianza en medicina veterinaria, dedicado a la salud y bienestar de los animales. Somos un equipo global de profesionales que trabajamos juntos para marcar una diferencia positiva en el cuidado de los animales y en el suministro de alimentos del mundo y que tenemos un profundo sentido de responsabilidad hacia nuestros clientes, consumidores, animales, sociedad y nuestro planeta. Ofrecemos una las carteras de productos, servicios y tecnologías más innovadoras de nuestro sector que sirven para prevenir, tratar y controlar enfermedades en todas las principales especies de animales de compañía y de granja.

Lo que buscamos…

En un mundo de rápida innovación, buscamos inventores valientes que deseen causar un impacto en todos los aspectos de nuestro negocio, permitiendo avances que afectarán a las generaciones venideras. Le animamos a que aporte su pensamiento inquieto, su espíritu de colaboración y su perspectiva diversa a nuestra organización. Juntos seguiremos Inventando para la vida, repercutiendo en las vidas a la vez que inspiramos su crecimiento profesional.

INVENT.

IMPACT.

INSPIRE.

Nos enorgullece ser una empresa que adopta el valor de unir a personas diversas, con talento y comprometidas. La forma más rápida de innovar es cuando las diversas ideas se unen en un entorno inclusivo. Animamos a nuestros compañeros a desafiar respetuosamente el pensamiento de los demás y a abordar los problemas de forma colectiva. Somos una empresa que aplica una política de igualdad de oportunidades en el acceso al empleo, comprometida con fomentar un lugar de trabajo inclusivo y diverso.

Search Firm Representatives Please Read Carefully
Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA, also known as Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., Kenilworth, NJ, USA, does not accept unsolicited assistance from search firms for employment opportunities. All CVs / resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at our company without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of our company. No fee will be paid in the event a candidate is hired by our company as a result of an agency referral where no pre-existing agreement is in place. Where agency agreements are in place, introductions are position specific. Please, no phone calls or emails.

Employee Status
Regular

Relocation
No relocation

VISA Sponsorship

Travel Requirements

Flexible Work Arrangements

Shift

Valid Driving License

Hazardous Material(s)

Number of Openings
1

Requisition ID R76112Our client, a leading medical device company is looking for their future Key Account Manager Portugal.
You will manage existing business and acquire new accounts to grow the company's Cytology and Molecular business in Portugal.


KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES

Managing and maintaining business and customers within existing accounts.
Identifying revenue growth opportunities including acquisition of new customers  and expanding portfolio usage with existing customer labs.
Managing complex sales activities building strong relationships with key stakeholders (lab management, clinicians, finance, and procurement).
Working in a cross-matrix environment with the Field Applications team and Service Engineering team.
Managing tender bids, submissions and negotiations in own region.
Developing and execute business plans for targeted accounts.
Attend local, national and international congresses and events to promote products to all customers.
Performs other related customer based sales and support duties as assigned.


KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & EXPERIENCE

Excellent commercial awareness.
Outstanding communication skills are essential with the ability to communicate credibly at all levels; influence key stakeholders.
Relevant knowledge and experience of diagnostic products and systems and applications is desirable (plus previous experience in Molecular diagnostic area)
Demonstrable sales experience in a directly related medical field with documented success.
Demonstrated strategic selling skills in complex sales situations.
Demonstrated ability to manage and grow a large high value sales territory.Job Description:
The Account Management role main responsibility is to manage the sales and marketing activities in EU region and to generate existing and new business opportunities with the allocated customers in an effort to meet or exceed work plan sales goals
This role requires broad scope analysis and understanding of the pharmaceutical market, including its players, products, regulatory and IP requirements as well as the entire competition landscape.
Additionally, the AM position requires the ability to negotiate win-win results, to identify opportunities and execute on them in a timely manner.
Through strategic thinking and awareness, the incumbent executes on valuable opportunities to the organization, while providing insights and recommendations to management.
The ideal candidate possesses strong leadership skills, multi-tasking, networking base and skills, is energetic and motivated.
Responsibilities
To achieve defined sales target and associated KPIs (visits target, new projects, AR management).
To manage B2B activity with allocated customers in the EU region, maintain and develop long term business relationships, aiming to maximize the existing and new potential business.
Responsible to continuously analyze the allocated customers/territories, identify issues and opportunities, prioritizes them, and successfully implements them.
Responsible to coordinate the entire accounts management activities also with the back office supporting functions - customer service, logistical support, marketing, finance and others.
Responsible to represent its customers in internal discussion with variety of functions and senior management
Provides both strategic and field-related insights to the management and marketing teams and suggest ideas for enhancement of operations or improvement

Qualifications:
Bachelor degree (scientific discipline preferred ideally in Chemistry)-must.
Education Preferred: MBA
Experience of minimum 5 years in the pharmaceutical industry, experience in API sales to pharmaceutical companies is an advantage 
Strong personality - mature approach, highly reliable, strong self-driven and results-driven person.
Analytical - uses a variety of cognitive skills and processes to arrive at sound decisions and solutions.
Skilled in discussing, conferring and negotiation activity to resolve issues and satisfy all parties. Uses tact, diplomacy and unique persuasion to reach amicable agreements or resolve problems.
Possesses knowledge, understanding and experience with international competition landscape, business requirements, commercial dynamics and trade regulations pertaining to own business operations. Comprehends how to meld cultural differences, international regulations and own company objectives in ways that result in successfully achieving established goals.
Interact with global business units and customer base, and with variety of positions at customer end
The position requires frequent traveling - travel throughout the defined territories, for trade shows training purposes and with customers where relevant, in order to meet the business target. All visits require advanced preparation in order to achieve maximum resultsKey Account Manager – Aesthetics (2 Year Fixed Term Contract)
South Central, South West
Salary Negotiable + Bonus, Car, Benefits
 Are you a commercially aware and driven sales professional looking for a new challenge within a rapidly growing market? If so, this is the opportunity for you!
 We are currently recruiting an Account Manager (on a 2 year fixed term contract) for one of the world’s leading medical aesthetic companies. The successful candidate will be responsible for selling the company’s range of injectable aesthetic products to private hospitals and aesthetic clinics across the South Central and South West territory.
 The company have an excellent reputation within the aesthetic market and are an ambitious and forward thinking organisation. They have an exceptional company culture where employees feel genuinely valued and are rewarded for their hard work.
 Requirements:
 Educated to degree level or equivalent
Previous account management experience within the pharmaceutical, medical device or aesthetic industries
ABPI qualified
Strong track record of overachieving sales targets
Excellent presentation and interpersonal skills
Commercially aware
Consultative sales approach
Ambitious and driven
Full driving licence
 If you like the sound of this position and feel you have the relevant experience, please apply now.
 Olison Medical Ltd are acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. Olison Medical Ltd is an Equal Opportunities Employer. Due to a high volume of applications we will only be able to contact successful applicants within 5 working days. We may, however, contact you regarding other potential roles of interest.Personify is a nationally recognized and awarded recruitment firm based in Raleigh, NC. Our client partner is currently hiring Regional Sales Manager in San Diego, CA.

Our client partner is a leading global provider of quality control and calibration solutions serving hospitals, pharmaceutical and medical device manufacturers, laboratories, industrial facilities and more. With employees doing work that matters and applying their skills in ways that make a positive impact, our client partner rallies behind a customer-focused, lean-based value system that drives their work every day.
 Essential responsibilities of the Regional Sales Manager:
Identifies customer needs and effectively addresses them with products and services.
Generates interest and cultivates new sales opportunities through prospecting, leads management, referrals and RFP’s.
Meets or exceeds sales goal in assigned territory.
Expands share at existing customers and gains share by securing new customers.
Cultivates relationships and facilitates meetings between customer and company stakeholders.
Utilizes CRM and other standard Daily Management tools proficiently and diligently to drive priorities and manage by fact. Maintains CRM data continually.
Identifies threats and opportunities using sales data and customer feedback
Provides clear and accurate sales targets and forecast on regular basis.
Achieves regular and consistent customer call and visit activity expectations
Complies with company ethics, code of conduct, policies, and best practices, with a commitment to safety in the workplace, valuing of diversity, and promotion of a harassment-free environment.
Commits to continuous improvement in skills and capabilities including selling skills, product and application knowledge, and commercial processes
Ensures compliance with applicable regulations and ethics.
 Qualifications for the Regional Sales Manager:
Bachelor’s degree required. Extensive relevant sales, technical, or other related industry experience preferred.
10 years sales or commercial experience in quota carrying, customer facing roles.
Demonstrates effective presentation skills, professional and executive presence, and effectively establishes credibility with any audience
Effective communication skills, both verbal and written; demonstrates ability to deliver timely and useful multi-mode communications to both internal and external customers
Ability to understand customer purchase data, trends, and self-manage to leading indicator KPI’s.
Ability to analyze customer needs and develop winning quotes and proposals that drive revenue and margin growth
 Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. We prohibit unlawful discrimination and harassment against applicants or employees based on age 40 and over, race, sex, color, religion, creed, national origin or ancestry, disability, military status, sexual orientation, or any other status protected by applicable state or local law.Key Account Manager, Italy

Overview

Alnylam is the world’s leading RNA interference (RNAi) company.

Founded in 2002, Alnylam was built upon a bold vision of turning scientific possibility into reality by harnessing the power of RNAi for human health as an innovative new class of medicines. We are a growing biopharmaceutical company with two approved medicines and a robust pipeline of investigational medicines focused in four strategic therapeutic areas: genetic medicines, cardio-metabolic diseases, infectious diseases, central nervous system (CNS) and ocular diseases, including several in late-stage development.

Headquartered in Cambridge, Mass., Alnylam employs over 1,400 people in 19 countries and is rapidly growing globally, with additional offices in Norton, Mass., Maidenhead, U.K., Zug, Switzerland, Amsterdam, Netherlands, and Tokyo, Japan. Alnylam is proud to have been recognized as one of The Boston Globe’s Top Places to Work five years in a row (2015-2019), a Great Place to Work in the U.K. and Switzerland in 2020 and Science Magazine’s #1 Top Employer in 2019. Please visit www.alnylam.com for more information.

The Key Account Manager (KAM) is a field-based expert, that strategically drives the commercial objectives of Alnylam’s hereditary transthyretin amyloidosis (hTTR), Acute Hepatic Porphyria (AHP), Primary Hyperoxaluria Type 1 (PH1) program, for Italy. The KAM will be primarily accountable for developing and implementing key account plans in their designated territory to optimize care for patients.

The Key Account Manager is expected to develop territory specific strategic account plans in the context of the overall product strategy and in close alignment and collaboration with functions of Medical Affairs, Clinical Research, Patient Advocacy, Market Access and Commercial, while ensuring full compliance with all relevant company, industry, legal, regulatory and ethical standards.

Summary Of Key Responsibilities
Presents a positive image of the company and develop awareness about RNAi platform to relevant customer groups
Develops, own and drives territory and account plan, including customer targeting, in line with country strategy in partnership with the Country Commercial Lead and Medical Affairs team.
Achieves pre-launch and post-launch KPIs, including sales and volume targets
Performs detailed analysis of the assigned territory to identify, assess, and develop relevant centers for diagnosis and treatment
Drives patient identification, diagnosis and referral rates by executing against a territory strategy and account specific plans
Develops trusted relationships with a portfolio of customers to ensure competitive advantage, after developing a thorough understanding of key customer needs and requirements
Ensures the correct products and services are delivered to customers in a timely manner by collaborating with internal stakeholders (commercial, supply chain, and compliance) and external centers
Establishes and maintains contact with key customers and provide commercial and scientific services to ensure access at site of care, and that logistics are in place to administer product
Manages and exe­cutes local meetings to drive diagnosis and treatment rates, in collaboration with the Medical Affairs Team for physicians and other healthcare professionals
Represents Alnylam at local and national events and congresses
Serves as the link of communication between key customers and internal teams
Liaises and collaborates with relevant internal staff (Medical Affairs, Commercial Leads, Market Access and Business Operations Manager), as required
Timely and accurate reporting and continuous diligent maintenance of the CRM database
Conducts all activities to highest ethical standards in accordance with country code of practice and local Laws and regulations
Significant travel, including domestic and international travel as needed


Qualifications
University degree in Life Sciences, according to D.Lgs. n 219 / 06
In depth sales experience in bio/pharmaceutical sales and Key Account Management experience, in the orphan or ultra-orphan market
Ability to gain consistent access and develop strong & professional relationships for product promotion with healthcare providers in reference centers and the community
Effective communication and influencing skills to engage with professionals at all organizational levels
Strong business acumen to add value to the existing health care structures.
Ability to draw on previous experiences and insights to generate and maintain appropriate awareness and timely access to treatment
Ability to travel within a territory on a regular basis including overnight and weekend travel, and must hold a valid driver's license
Excellent organisational skills
Strong preference for a Life Science degree
Fluent in Italian and English


Alnylam Pharmaceuticals is an EEO employer committed to an exciting, diverse, and enriching work environment.IQVIA is the Human Data Science Company™. We are inspired by the industry we serve and provide solutions that enable life sciences companies to innovate with confidence, maximize opportunities and ultimately drive human health outcomes forward. Our approach is Human Data Science – a discipline that advances our understanding of human health and allows stakeholders to make better, more insightful decisions and discover breakthroughs.

Our vision is to be the preferred partner - “from molecule to market” - for major life science and pharma companies.
Join us on our exciting journey!


Job Overview

The Key Account Manager will be directly responsible for growing revenue and profit by leveraging the full IQVIA offerings, identifying new business opportunities in the Life Science and Healthcare industry and developing and executing account plans for his/her assigned client portfolio.

Main Accountabilities

Understands the key priorities of the client to achieve or exceed the assigned revenue and growth goal in assigned account(s)
Typically interfaces with marketing, market research, sales management and/or IT at the manager level in existing and prospective client(s) and provides the key stakeholder management by building and leveraging on strong relationships
Anticipates clients’ needs and, in collaboration with other IQVIA functions such as Consulting, Technology, Payor and Providers Group, Marketing develops and presents proposed solutions to client's complex business issues
Develops strategy for deepening the knowledge of the clients’ stakeholder maps, expanding scope of existing contracts and identifying new business as well as potential win backs opportunities.
Effectively manages renewals and subscriptions.
Represents the company to the client and the client to the company in all sales related activities.
Monitors client satisfaction with contracted deliverables and works with sales management team and Client Service’s management to achieve and maintain a high level of customer satisfaction.

Requirements:

At least 4/5 years of Sales or Account management experience in the Life Science or Healthcare industry
Proven ability to drive the sales process from plan to close
Strong understanding of financial reporting/forecasting and sales opportunity management
Ability to communicate, present and influence all levels of the organization, including executive and C-level
Proven success working in a fast-paced, high-growth environment
Experience within an international environment/multinational company
Excellent business sense, with the ability to find creative business-oriented solutions to problems
Excellent listening, negotiation and presentation skills
Excellent verbal and written communications skills
Bachelor's Degree, MSc preferred
Arabic native speaker, fluent English


We know that meaningful results require not only the right approach but also the right people. Regardless of your role, we invite you to reimagine healthcare with us. You will have the opportunity to play an important part in helping our clients drive healthcare forward and ultimately improve human health outcomes.

Whatever your career goals, we are here to ensure you get there!Would you like to join an award winning organization that is dedicated to saving lives?

In 2019, Xellia Pharmaceuticals was recognized by the Business Culture Awards as an organization that has impacted its culture through transformative initiatives. Focused on building a sustainable environment through company values and a leadership promise to its employees. Our people make us what we are. We aim to attract the most talented, passionate employees in our industry and to earn their loyalty and commitment. We support our employees through comprehensive people resources processes ensuring that every employee is treated fairly and has a voice which is listened to and valued.

Is that you? If so, we want to learn more about you!


We are seeking a Key Account Manager (KAM) who's key responsibility will be to market and sell Vancomycin Ready To Use (Vanco RTU) within the Philadelphia region (Eastern PA, Maryland, Delaware, Washington DC, and Western/Upstate NY). The KAM is accountable for executing a 'targeted sales strategy' to attain Vanco RTU sales quotas within their individual assigned territory. The 'targeted sales strategy' is defined by 'focus' and 'depth' within the key account. The types of accounts will be IDN's/Alternate Sites/Government institutions. The KAM will work as part of a team, however, and have direct accountability for managing all aspects of the customer relationship including GPO contract compliance, price adjustments, new product launch, supply chain issues and product recalls.

Selling Vancomycin RTU is intricate and will involve a comprehensive team selling approach. Thus, it is expected that the KAM will utilize the Strategic Selling methodology. This technique will enable 'depth' of customer knowledge and provide Xellia with an understanding of any needs for adjustment or areas of differentiation. It will also capture red flags or missing information and identify the buying influence's (economic, user, technical and coach). The sales funnel will also be used as a tool to help focus the team on progress.

Key Responsibilities:

The ideal candidate will be a demonstrated professional who has a solid key account management experience, with demonstrated success in delivering on the following:

Develop Account Strategy, Segmentation and Target Setting
Prioritize action plan based on customer value
With Sales Leadership oversight, identify and develop targets by account
Create an overview of customer business, identify comprehensive understanding of customer needs (both long term and short term) and identify key buying factors beyond purchasing
Assess account opportunities, account trends and define aspirations
Understand formulary and P&T processes for assigned IDN's and key institutions
Build Customer Interactions and Relationships
Manage relationships with customer decision makers to build partnerships across customer organizations, allowing both parties to extract value
Build a strong relationship with senior customers, key decision makers and influencers beyond purchasing (total enterprise)
Conduct regularly scheduled and systematic performance reviews with key customers
Represent Xellia at select National trade association meetings and conventions
Identify and Drive Actions to Improve the Bottom Line
Develop and complete a monthly review of an immediate action plan with specific actions to improve earnings based on customer interactions and analytics
Develop and implement key strategic programs and procedures to maximize - product pull-through for each Key Customer (IDN and Large Institution)
Collaborate with Cross-Functional Teams
Coordinate information flow and action planning with relevant functions to create a cross-functional support team; align resources required to execute
Coordinate two-way flow of customer/competitor insights (e.g., shortages, competitor launches)
Create collaborative customer/supplier teams and share info
Provide weekly and real-time communication with sales and marketing teams to ensure the appropriate level of cross-functional support to execute effective pull through strategies on all products
General Administrative Duties
Record call activity, account information, competitive intelligence and prices through Xellia intranet Link and SalesForce.com
Create reports/updates in Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Oracle BI and Lotus Notes
Qualifications

Bachelor's degree required, Master's preferred
Minimum of 5 years in pharmaceuticals and/or hospital device/equipment sales, experience in institutional and/or IDN account management
Experience with or specific product understanding of multiple product offerings (i.e. RTU, Injectable, premix, etc.) (Preferred)
People management and/or home office experience (Preferred)
Extensive and dynamic Sales experience in a unique corporate environment
Have a working knowledge of Generic and Brand pharmaceutical Industry, contracting, distribution/wholesaler channels, pricing structures, chargeback programs, institutional sales, group purchasing organizations (GPOs) and Independent Distribution Networks (IDNs)
Experience evaluating business trends and assessing market conditions within this industry
Wide range of ability to strategically plan and executive on all priorities, while managing the changing business needs
Broad understanding of the areas/actions that impact profitability
Delivers timely/sound decisions to the business with incomplete information with practical solutions
Strong customer orientation that results in trust-based customer relationships
Solid project management and analytical skills
Resilient and agile - always seeking new learning experiences
Self-starter and results driven - always goes the extra mile
Creative and collaborative
Excellent organizational and communication (written & verbal) skills
Strong negotiating skills
We offer a competitive compensation and benefits package with an excellent working environment that is safe and engaging. Leaders are dedicated to your success and support professional and personal growth through various development and training opportunities. If you are looking for a rewarding career, Xellia is the organization for you!


Physical Requirements of the Role

While performing the duties of the job, the incumbent is required to talk, hear, stand, sit, walk, climb, balance, stoop, kneel, crouch and move freely throughout the property for the duration of the scheduled shift. Must be able to operate a personal computer, specific vision abilities required for this job include close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and the ability to adjust focus.

Xellia Pharmaceuticals is owned by Novo Holding A/S and is a specialty pharmaceutical company leading in the development, manufacture and supply of anti-infective treatments. Headquartered in Copenhagen, Denmark, Xellia has global facilities in Europe, North America, and Asia, currently employing over 1700 people. With over 100 years of industry experience in developing last resort treatments for infectious diseases, Xellia is focused on the supply of products which not only save lives, but also improve and enhance patients' quality of life. Together with us, you can help lead the fight against bacterial infections.


Read more about Xellia Pharmaceuticals hereAt NSF International, our mission is to protect and improve human health. We’re a global leader in standards development, testing, auditing, certification and training. We provide these services for a diverse set of industries including food, water, health sciences, sustainability and management systems. We’re passionate about the work we do, because together, we have a broad impact on our world.
Our nearly 3,000 employees provide services in over 170 countries through our many global offices, at our client sites, from home offices and in state-of-the-art laboratories. We’re growing fast, and that’s where you come in. Come join our team.
More information about NSF International can be found at nsf.org.

BASIC PURPOSE

Develop strategic plans for added laboratory services and testing within Latin America, including commercial laboratory service offering. Assess and recommend expanded, adjunct, and innovation lab offerings which meets our Clients' needs in support of the Revenue and P&L objectives of our labs.
 REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS
 Bachelors degree;10+ years of experience in sales business development;
4+ years leadership experience;
Understanding of laboratory operations;
Fundamental sales knowledge;
Advanced English level.

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
 Phd, Master degree in equivalent area;
Project management experience;
Account management experience;
Financial acumen w/cost, price, market analysis (Quoting);
Customer relations experience.
  ACCOUNTABILITIES
 Lead in partnership with the Laboratory Manager the development of the commercial strategy throughout the year according to the guidelines of the Global Labs sector and Implement and carry out the developed strategy with the sales team in order to reach the sales goals established in each segment of the laboratory's performance;
Prospect new markets and get strong relationships with customers;
Represent the laboratory at events, fairs and business conventions in the laboratory work areas;
Improve pricing policy and contract´s management established with customers;
Elaborate commercial proposals according to the customer's needs.
 NSF International is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to, among other things, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, status as a protected veteran, or disability.
 Weiterentwicklung ist für Dr.
Wolff als Arbeitgeber ein
wichtiges Thema. Sei es ein
flexibles Arbeitszeitmodell oder
die wachsende Anzahl an
Mitarbeitervorteilen und
Weiterbildungsmaßnahmen.
Celine Sürücü – Vertriebsassistentin Weiterentwicklung ist für Dr. Wolff als
Arbeitgeber ein wichtiges Thema. Sei es
ein flexibles Arbeitszeitmodell oder die
wachsende Anzahl an
Haar-, Haut- und Mundpflege.
Wir suchen Sie zum nächstmöglichen Termin zur Verstärkung unseres Teams als

International Key Account Manager Nordics (m/w/d)
Schwerpunkt Pharma

Ihr Aufgabenschwerpunkte
Eigenverantwortliche Betreuung ausgewählter internationaler Vertriebspartner für die Bereiche Drogerie, Apotheke und Lebensmitteleinzelhandel
Neukunden- und Distributeursakquise im internationalen Bereich
Umsetzung der Vertriebsstrategie und Erreichung der Unternehmensziele
Durchführung von Update und Vertriebsgesprächen
Erstellung von Marktanalysen, Reportings, Forecasts etc.
Einkauf von Medialeistungen
Koordination von PR Dienstleistungen


Ihre Qualifikationen
Ein erfolgreich abgeschlossenes Studium der Pharmazie, naturwissenschaftliches Studium oder Ausbildung zum/zur PTA mit Berufserfahrung im Handverkauf oder vergleichbare Ausbildung
Mindestens 2-jährige, nachweisbare, internationale Vertriebserfahrung, idealerweise im OTC-Apothekenumfeld oder Erfahrung im OTC-Apothekenaußendienst
Unternehmerisches Denken sowie selbstständiges und zielorientiertes Arbeiten
Verhandlungssichere Englischkenntnisse, gerne auch Sprachkenntnisse in einer skandinavischen Sprache
Kommunikationsstärke, Verhandlungsgeschick und Durchsetzungsvermögen
Sicherer Umgang mit den MS-Office Anwendungen
Grundverständnis und Lernbereitschaft im Bereich Media, Marketing und PR


Was Wir Ihnen Bieten
Spannende Aufgaben am Puls der Zeit
Einen besonderen Kollegenkreis: Unser Wolffs-Rudel
Attraktive Arbeitszeitmodelle und ansprechende Arbeitsplatzgestaltung
Brückentagsregelung
JobTicket bei MoBiel & JobRad
Weiterbildung (Seminare, Sprachkurse, E-Learning, Knowledge Session)
Werksrestaurant und kostenlose Getränkeversorgung
Gute Verkehrsanbindung und kostenlose Parkplätze
Betriebssportangebote (Fußball, Drachenboot, Rennrad) und Betriebsärztliche Versorgung
Vergünstigte Shopping-Konditionen

HABEN WIR IHR INTERESSE GEWECKT?

Dann freuen wir uns auf Ihre Online-Bewerbung mit Gehaltswunsch und dem frühestmöglichen Eintrittstermin.

Dr. Kurt Wolff GmbH & Co. KG
Verena Bauer
Johanneswerkstraße 34-36
33611 Bielefeld karriere.drwolffgroup.com/JobsTitle

Key Account Manager, North West

Company

Ipsen Ltd

Job Description

Build and maintain strong professional relationships within their territory with oncologists , medical groups/practices, hospital/academic medical centres, office and ancillary staff involved in the care of cancer patients by providing approved, disease and product information in order to meet or exceed assigned sales targets while respecting Ethics and compliance rules ( Ipsen and Country )

Responsibilities

Define Key Account Plans at Territory Level
Implement Ipsen’s key account business planning and sales force effectiveness program to achieve optimal sales performance. This includes
Develop and implement robust key account and territory business plans, centred on performance to meet or exceed territory productivity requirements
Ensure hospital plans are aligned to the account strategy within decision making units
Sound understanding of UK pharmaceutical industry and demonstrates a comprehensive understanding of NHS policies, structures, funding streams and processes relevant to specialist medicines
Effective management of territory resources and budget

Demonstrates high level of clinical knowledge
Provide in field clinical training and ongoing clinical education with physicians, key clinical personnel as well as internal and external employees and facilitate onsite training and subject matter clinical expertise to optimize patient safety and outcomes.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills along with the ability to multi-task and overcome challenges to successfully engage new users of interventional oncology products.
Understand and communicate complex clinical data
Demonstrate excellent product, customer and market knowledge

Selling
Secure hospital and regional formularies and referrals through exceptional
selling skills

Stakeholder Engagement & Influence
Develop strong and long-term relationships with customers and KOLs in all assigned accounts
Identify departmental and stakeholder drivers and barriers in key hospitals
Maintain regular and timely communication with the MSL and cross functional colleagues to inform them of important/urgent account developments and to further the achievement of account objectives.
Proactively and positively contribute to sales meetings and sales team initiatives.

Ethics & Compliance
Ensure that all activities within their territory are undertaken in accordance with the National Regulations and local sales and operations guidelines as well as any local Codes of Practice

Experience & Qualifications
Minimum of BS/B degree in a business, science or similar degree, or nursing registration.
Must be proficient in the following applications: MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, MS Outlook.

Experience
Demonstrated strong capability in account management, superior selling competencies and proven sales performance
Has a track record of meeting or exceeding goals in a specialist/hospital or similarly complex environment.
Demonstrated skills at building and maintaining professional relationships with key customers, office staff and others in the customer influence network.
Demonstrated ability to work effectively in matrix teams
ABPI qualified
Already live and work within the geography area in question

Technical Competencies
Demonstrate thorough knowledge of the disease state, Ipsen’s products and relevant competitor products
Excellent organization, implementation, budgetary and project management abilities.
Ability to effectively influence and communicate with customers, internal and external contacts at all levels and excellent organizational, written and verbal skills.
Expert key account management skills including strong selling, business analytics, planning and numerical skills and an ability to manage complex situations and make excellent decisions, execute plans and achieve outcomes.
Demonstrates a high proficiency of the broader reimbursement environment; possesses a deep understanding of the reimbursement and fulfillment pathways for medications

IPSEN is committed to equality of opportunity for all staff and applications, individuals are encouraged to apply regardless of age, disability, sex, gender reassignment, sexual orientation, pregnancy and maternity, race, religion or belief and marriage and civil partnerships.Key Account Manager - salgsansvar for Norge

Mer enn 1 milliard mennesker lever med jernmangelanemi, som har alvorlig innvirkning på livskvaliteten og er forbundet med økt sykelighet og dødelighet. Ca. 180 000 mennesker dør hvert år med diagnosen, noe som gjør jernmangelanemi til en av verdens største helseutfordringer. Jernmangel er utbredt og kan ha en rekke årsaker, som nyresykdom, inflammatorisk tarmsykdom, hjertesvikt, fødsler, gynekologiske tilstander, kirurgi og blodtap generelt. Ambisjonen til Pharmacosmos er å styrke helsepersonellets kunnskap om jernmangel og anemi, slik at de kan tilby optimal jernterapi og dermed forbedre pasientens tilstand.

Fokuset til Pharmacosmos spenner over flere terapiområder, som gastroenterologi, kardiologi, kirurgi, nefrologi og OBGYN.

Dette Er De Sentrale Arbeidsoppgavene

Key Account Manager er en operativ og kommersiell stilling med ansvar for Pharmacosmos’ produkter innen behandling av jernmangelanemi. Hovedproduktet er den intravenøse jernbehandlingen Monofer®.
Salgsansvar for det norske markedet
Forberede salgsaktivitetsplaner for å oppfylle mål innenfor tildelt budsjett og aktivitet
Utvikle og opprettholde langsiktige relasjoner med nøkkelpersoner i helsevesenet
Prosjektsamarbeid med KOL-er, innkjøpsorganisasjoner og forskrivere
Følge opp egne salgsmål, aktiviteter og budsjett
Bidra til konkurrentoversikt, identifisere muligheter
Delta i å definere produkttaktikk, nødvendige markedsføringsverktøy og relevante prosjekter
Key Account Manager samarbeider tett med Medical Science Liaison og anemisykepleier i Norge, og ellers det øvrige nordiske salgsteamet. Stillingen rapporterer til Business Director Danmark/Norge.

Dette Er En Bra Bakgrunn For å Lykkes i Stillingen

Relevant helsefaglig eller merkantil utdannelse i kombinasjon med minimum to års erfaring med relasjonsbygging og salg av legemidler mot sykehusmiljøer. Klinisk bakgrunn er en fordel. Arbeidserfaring innen fødselshjelp, kirurgi, gynekologi, gastroenterologi eller nefrologi er en fordel.
Kundeorientert, selvdrevet og selvmotivert
Erfaring med arbeid mot spesialistdominerte helsefaglige miljøer
Evne til å levere resultater gjennom salg og kundeaktivitet
Erfaring med å lage og implementere forretningsplaner
Positiv og kreativ, evne til å tenke utenfor boksen
Analytisk og pragmatisk tilnærming til problemløsning
God muntlig og skriftlig fremstillingsevne på norsk og engelsk. Utpreget gode mellommenneskelige evner og kommunikasjonsevner. Evne til godt tverrfunksjonelt samarbeid er viktig.

Hva gjør denne stillingen interessant?

Pharmacosmos regnes som en internasjonal autoritet innen behandling av jernmangelanemi, og er markedsleder Norge. Produktene er godt dokumenterte og bidrar til å forbedre menneskers liv. Key Account Manager er en selvstendig stilling med mye kommersielt ansvar og utfordrende arbeidsoppgaver. Du vil samarbeide med entusiastiske og faglig dyktige kolleger.

Lønn etter avtale. Pensjonsordning. Bilordning. Arbeidet foregår fra hjemmekontor. Bosted i Oslo eller omegn er mest hensiktsmessig. Stillingen krever en del reisevirksomhet, så du må trives med å være på farten.

Synes du dette virker interessant og vil høre mer? Ta kontakt med Geir Olderbakk hos Orion & Partners på telefon 900 28 283.

Vil du vi skal ringe deg opp med mer informasjon om stillingen? SMS #759 til 900 28 283.

Du søker på stillingen ved å bruke søkefunksjonen i annonsen.Description

Are you ready to work for a more active world ?

At Bioventus, our business depends on developing our people. We invest in you and challenge you to be the best. We value our colleagues for their different perspectives and individual contributions, and our leaders listen. Our success rests on working together to achieve shared goals and rewards. Join a diverse team of global colleagues driven to help patients resume and enjoy active lives.

Who is Bioventus?

We are the market leader in developing clinically proven and cost-effective orthobiologic solutions for surgical and non-surgical bone healing and osteoarthritis, with products recognized for their safety, innovation and effectiveness.
$350+ million in annual revenue
700 employees worldwide
Helping 44 0,000+ people every year
The Bioventus team always puts patients at the forefront, and their needs are the priority in the choices we make and actions we take.

National Account Manager (Surgical) Southwest USA

Full-time / Field based covering , Dallas, Denver, Salt Lake, Boise, Los Angeles, San Diego, Sacramento, San Francisco, Seattle, Portland, Houst on, Austin, Las Vegas, Phoenix to mention a few

Excellent salary and bonus with genuine career progression

The National Account Manager-Surgical will be responsible for corporate account contracts and projects for our Bioventus Surgical portfolio. Initiatives are focused on proactively sourcing and contracting new/existing business with IDN/Hospital Systems, GPO’s, and other Key Strategic Accounts, in alignment with strategy.

Ideal candidates have strong interpersonal skills and determination to provide the best possible experience to our customers and coworkers. They strive for excellent performance, driven by the willingness to both teach and learn. They are good team players, dynamic, optimistic, accurate, well-organized, and ambitious about developing as a professional.

What you’ll be doing
Identify opportunities and implement key actions required to accelerate Bioventus sales within assigned accounts.
Negotiate and influence contracts with targeted customers.
Provide support in responding to RFPs/RFIs and helping in overall operational initiatives.
Proactively manage new and existing Bioventus customer relationships as assigned.
Establish relationships within accounts and establish virtual team of key personnel within the customer’s organization, Bioventus, and relevant third party stakeholders.
Serve as a point of contact for third-party organizations relevant to this segment.
What you’ll bring to the table
Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Finance or related field; Master’s degree preferred.
Demonstrated effectiveness with hospital and GPO contracts/contracting process with an in-depth understanding of the functions and procedures of hospital supply chain, IDNs, and GPOs.
Outstanding customer relationships, interpersonal and communication skills with the established ability to effectively communicate across diverse audiences and influence cross functionally.
Minimum 5 years of surgical, medical device, spine, ortho or biologics industry experience in related area.
Preference will be given to candidates with experience in the Spine and/or Surgical arena.
What you’ll receive

The satisfaction of driving real change in the industry and people’s lives
A diverse global community of people who are driven by a shared purpose to help patients
A business that acts with integrity in all interactions with co-workers, leaders and customers
We value others and build success by appreciating differences in thought, opinion, background, skills and perspectives
An environment of continuous learning and development
Flat organizational structures which elevate employees’ level of responsibility
Meaningful opportunities for professional development and mentoring
Competitive compensation package, including salary as well as bonus and car allowance
Exciting benefits package, including three weeks’ vacation; medical, dental and vision benefits; Student Debt Program; life insurance; and a 401(k) plan

Are you the top talent we are looking for?

Apply now! Hit the “Apply” button to send us your resume and cover letter.

We are an equal opportunity employer with a commitment to diversity. All individuals, regardless of personal characteristics, are encouraged to apply.