Requisition ID: 27043

At Terumo Blood and Cell Technologies, our 7,000+ global associates are proud to come to work each day, knowing that what we do impacts the lives of patients around the world.

We make medical devices and related products that are used to collect, separate, manufacture and process various components of blood and cells. With our innovative technologies and service offerings, we touch a patient’s life every second of every day and are committed to continuing to increase the number of patients we serve.

With some of the best and brightest minds in the industry, an unmatched global footprint, comprehensive benefits and a distinct culture, Terumo Blood and Cell Technologies is a great place to work, grow and be part of a team that is focused on making a difference. Consider joining our team and unlock your potential.

Job Summary

Provide customer service to ensure customer satisfaction according to Terumo BCT policies and processes. This position report directly to Latam Customer Service Supervisor.

Customer Service including Order-to-Cash (OTC) sales order entry and fulfillment processes, invoicing, returns, and customer complaint handling, document support, Improvement process in relation to the operations in Chile or countries that may be assigned.

Essential Duties
Customer service to external customers and to Technical Service (internal and outsourcing services)
Daily reception and process of customer orders to achieve On Time deliveries.
Daily reception and process of Tec. Serive orders. (Capital device, free of charge)
RAR Support, Sales Orders Vinculation with Contract: Placement, Service, sales
Daily review and follow up of Open Orders due to credit block, pricing block, back orders.
Invoice, credits and returns issue both in SAP and EDI fiscal system.
Coordination and review documents with Fiscal area, invoice conciliation, etc
Customization process according to tenders, contracts or customer needs.
Cordination with 3PL for distribution and delivery to end customers.
Delivery follow up to ensure customer satisfaction.
Support Capital Device transactions in SAP, coordination with Finance, and delivery to the end customer.
SalesForce case creation for credits or customers concerns, document support and closure of the case with the corresponding approval.
Ensures transaction completion and documents support for auditory of movement of goods and traceability, and according to Inventory Management Policy, Customer Orders document, instructions, invoice, free of charges approvals, etc
Ensure fisical documents signed by customer (Invoice, dispatch guides, Credit notes, Returns) for collection proposes.
Maintains quality and frequent communication with LATAM Customer Service Supervisor.
Develops and maintains successful relationship with external and internal customers
Regional CS back up of Uruguay & Brazil (Spare Parts and device movements)
FTZ UY EDI invoice support


Other Duties And Responsibilities
Support open order analysis and inventory plan, fluent and proactive communication with FTZ Logistics planner and with commercial team to avoid back orders, customer issues or inventory challenges.
Follow up of order credit unblocks with Finance and Commercial.
Follow up with Commercial area about : Price changes and orders blocks due to price changes and customers set up.
Review monthly CS & Logistics costs to coordinate the approval with the manager
Support KPI information for consolidation in a regional KPI


Minimum Qualification Requirements

Education
Business university degree in administration, accounting, foreign trade, etc.
Intermediate English.


Experience
2 years in Customer Service for Medical Companies
Knowledge in invoicing and tax process
Knowledge in the inventory management, carriers and 3PL interaction.
SAP system expertise
Excellent Office management. In particular Excel usage.


Skills
Efective interpersonal Comunication.
Service vocation, Proactive, motivated, analitic and precise.
Flexible, ability to organize and prioritize the work.
Knowledge and use of relevant PC software applications and skills to use them effectively
Terumo Blood and Cell Technologies is part of Terumo Group, founded in 1921 and headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.
In 2019, Terumo Blood and Cell Technologies reached $1 billion in revenue.
We employ nearly 7,000 associates globally, with global headquarters in Lakewood, CO, U.S., and regional headquarters in Brussels, Buenos Aires, Singapore and Tokyo.
We manufacture devices, disposable sets and solutions at our facilities in Belgium, India, Japan, Northern Ireland, the U.S. and Vietnam. Our global presence enables us to serve customers in more than 130 countries.
Our core values help set our direction, guide our actions and keep us true to our corporate mission of contributing to society through healthcare.
Respect – Appreciative of others
Integrity – Guided by our mission
Care – Empathetic to patients
Quality – Committed to excellence
Creativity – Striving for innovation


Terumo Blood and Cell Technologies is an Equal Opportunities Employer and welcomes applications from all sections of the community regardless of their gender, marital or family status, religious belief or political opinion, disability, race or ethnic origin, nationality, sexual orientation or age.

Job Segment: Medical, ERP, Office Manager, SAP, Medical Device, Healthcare, Technology, AdministrativeSeleccionamos Responsable de Alianzas y Proyectos para ADIUM PHARMA, reconocido Laboratorio farmacéutico ubicado en ZONAMERICA

Principales responsabilidades:

1.      Punto de contacto con socios en apoyo de todas las funciones.
2.      Persona de contacto para consultas y aclaraciones sobre contratos de socios.
3.      Coordinar temas con impacto contractual con socios de todas las áreas internas.
4.      Gestión de proyectos.
5.      Comprensión y supervisión profundas de los términos contractuales subyacentes
6.      Revisión y análisis de informes con los diferentes socios.
7.      Gestión de pedidos: coordinación de pedidos de socios y departamentos internos.

Requisitos necesarios y excluyentes:
Licenciado de Ciencias Económicas, negocios internacionales, comercio exterior, administración de empresas o afines . 
Experiencia de al menos 3 años en funciones similares.

Requisitos valorados (no excluyente):
Preferentemente con MBA. 

Se valorara conocimientos de Inglés nivel avanzado comprobable

Competencias organizaciones e individuales valoradas: Trabajo en equipo. Capacidad de análisis . Orientación al resultado. Comunicación asertiva. Impacto e influencia. Pensamiento sistémico y estratégico.

Lunes a Viernes de 9 a 18 o 8 a 17 hs
 LABORATORIO DE ESPECIALIDADES FARMACÉUTICAS selecciona LABORATORIO DE ESPECIALIDADES FARMACÉUTICAS 2 ofertas laborales Hace 1 semana Responsabilidades

LABORATORIO DE ESPECIALIDADES FARMACÉUTICAS

selecciona

SUPERVISOR DE PRODUCCIÓN

Requisitos
Químico Farmacéutico o estudiante avanzado
Capacidad de liderazgo y resolución de problemas
Manejo de personal
Ser dinámico, proactivo y saber manejarse bajo presión
Se Valorará
Experiencia previa en cargos similares
Conocimientos de GMP
Enviar CV a: selec.personal.capacitac@gmail.com

FuncionesEmpresa Farmacéutica, Líder en su ramo, con más de 70 años de éxito continuo, con presencia en Latino América, busca profesional para el área Comercial.

En Laboratorios Sophia, empresa farmacéutica líder en el ramo de la Oftalmología, estamos en la búsqueda de un Ejecutivo de Cuentas Claves quien reportará al Gerente Comercial y será responsable de la venta y gestión comercial de todas las líneas (Rx y OTC) con las Cuentas Clave de la empresa (Cadenas, Farmacias, Droguerías) a través del desarrollo e implementación de estrategias orientadas a incrementar el volumen de negocio con las cuentas claves (actuales y potenciales) de la organización y en conjunto al análisis de la información de precios; con la finalidad de mejorar nuestra competitividad y aumentar la satisfacción del cliente.

Perfil
Experiencia mayor a 3 años en el área Comercial de empresa farmacéutica.
Experiencia como ejecutivo de cuentas claves, visitador médico u otra posición afín.
Experiencia trabajando con cadenas de farmacia (excluyente).
Experiencia manejando portafolios de OTC (deseable)REQUISITOS:

Licencia categoría 9 para poder coordinar y realizar movimiento de vagones.
Deben tener experiencia previa manejando montacargas y “pallet jack”

Responsabilidades:

Recibir diferentes tipos de desperdicios (farmacéuticos, domesticos, para reciclaje, etc…)
Sortearlos y colocarlos en el contenedor correcto para disposición.
Recibir las botellas descartadas y procesarlas en el triturador.
Coordinar y realizar movimiento dentro de los predios de la planta
Coordinar recibo y recogido de contenedores con las compañías externas de disposición de desperdicios y reciclaje
Mantener documentación de entrada y salida de los desperdicios
Mantener el área del Compactador limpia y organizada
Apoyar los trabajos de pintura y mantenimiento en el área del compactador y otras áreas.
Pesar el “waste” y documentarlo

Powered by JazzHR

R5qza1zpGANuestra búsqueda incluye a interesados en otros países de LATAM que estén disponibles para radicarse en Montevideo, Uruguay.

Quién eres:
Orientamos la búsqueda a profesionales de carreras vinculadas a la Ciencia Farmacéutica, con por lo menos 5 años de experiencia en el área de Asuntos Regulatorios, y en el liderazgo de equipos de trabajo de alto rendimiento. Serán competencias claves para la posición: innovador, flexible y adaptable al cambio, colaborativo, orientado a resultados, orientado a las personas y su desarrollo, capaz de trabajar de forma independiente, comunicación interpersonal y habilidades para resolver problemas. Conocimiento en el uso de bases de datos MS office y aplicaciones, así como un manejo avanzado del idioma inglés, son excluyentes.

Qué haces:
Su objetivo principal será liderar y gestionar un equipo de profesionales de Asuntos Regulatorios para los productos y países bajo su responsabilidad, así como participar y contribuir activamente en la estrategia regulatoria. Entre sus principales responsabilidades, destacamos: liderar los procesos regulatorios de ciclo de vida de los productos, para asegurar una adecuada planificación, sometimiento y posterior aprobación; garantizar que se cumplan con todas las fechas de vencimiento de los hitos regulatorios; dar soporte transversal a toda la región en la alineación y control de calidad de documentación regulatorias; definir la estrategia regulatoria para interaccionar con las Autoridades sanitarias en los países bajo su responsabilidad; identificar reglamentos y estándares internacionales relevantes y brindar asistencia interpretativa; mantener-se al día en relación a la evolución del ambiente regulatorio en la región, guiar y dirigir al equipo a través de los cambios organizacionales, dando agilidad a los procesos, orientados al negocio y estrategias del departamento; entre otras tareas inherentes al cargo.BeiGene continues to grow at a rapid pace with challenging and exciting opportunities for experienced professionals. When considering candidates, we look for scientific and business professionals who are highly motivated, collaborative, and most importantly, share our passionate interest in fighting cancer.
EmployeeFull time

General Description

The BeiGene Senior Director/Director, New Market Development will be responsible, in collaboration across the Company, for successfully 1) representing BeiGene within the respective Countr(ies), 2) Working on an ongoing basis with - Business / Distribution Partner(s) for the designated Countr(ies), 3) collaborating / serving as local conduit for all BeiGene related questions for Business / Distribution Partner for the designated region and 4) overseeing and supporting local regulatory, marketing and medical activities executed from the Business / Distribution Partner for the designated region, as required.
This position will assess and support commercial expansion of BeiGene products in: Uruguay. The candidate will work closely within the New Market Development department and collaborate cross-functionally to ensure strategies and tactics are aligned across the BeiGene organization. This position will report to the Executive Director, New Market Development.

Essential Functions Of The Job

Alliance Management Activities with the local Distribution Partner
Process management: Establishing and ensuring smooth operation of the collaboration ground rules, such as the protocol for formal governance meetings and procedures for decision making, project team meetings, data exchange, and other kinds of interactions.
Progress monitoring: Tracking progress, including coordinating the definition and reporting of the KPIs, as well as leading periodic health checks.
Relationship management: Managing how BeiGene as a whole is perceived by the partner, and how the partnership is perceived by key stakeholders in the designated region,
Leading efforts to increase alignment, mutual understanding, and trust between collaboration partners, including activities such as periodic collaboration team events.
Strategic value and risk management: Identifying the important value drivers and key risks, ensuring those involved do not lose focus on strategic aspects, and leading efforts to mitigate risks and accelerate value creation for the designated region.
Change management: Anticipating upcoming changes in project stages or collaboration partners, managing transitions smoothly, and serving as the partnership’s memory, as well as facilitating complex discussions with the partner to map a way forward when unanticipated situations or corporate decisions in either party trigger the need for change.
Marketing Activities (both strategic and operational) in full coordination with local Distribution Partner
Support regional marketing activities in alignment with Global Branding and provide support for BeiGene’s products from pre-marketed to launch phases including strategic brand strategies, product lifecycle strategies and consolidated strategic forecast for designated geographies
Support regions and countries of interest with core value dossiers and value messaging in alignment with global pricing strategies and corridors.
Together with the local Business Partner, ensure marketing excellence processes within designated countries and regions are in place.
Provide regions/countries with core tools and information required for successful launches and launch activities including both conventional and digital strategies and tactics
Assume shared accountability for the overall local brand plans, strategies and commercialization for selected countries
Provide feedback from designated region and support global brand strategy and plan
Provide collaborative business leadership with allied functions from Business / Distribution partner for the region, including but not limited to: Regional Sales and Marketing, Commercial Operations, CMC/Supply, Medical Affairs, Market Access, Finance, HR etc.
Serve as key interface for BeiGene with regions to appropriately represent global perspective and identify when and if regional differences from the global strategy are needed
Market Access Activities (both strategic and operational) in full coordination with local Distribution Partner
Support the development and execution of a local pricing and contracting strategy across all payer segments for selected commercial and government markets to ensure reimbursement for and access to the Company’s products
Provide direction and leadership in the continuous evaluation of both short- and long-term strategic reimbursements objectives; maintain in-depth knowledge of the local reimbursement landscape including regulations, public and private payer landscape to secure favorable coverage and reimbursement
Contribute to clinical/HEOR studies and medical communication activities to advance market access goals. Work closely with BeiGene Medical Affairs and Clinical Development to provide recommendations and rationale for evidence development plans in terms of health economic, patient centric and real-world effectiveness data for selected countries and regions
Work collaboratively with local Distribution Partner teams on multi-channel communication strategies including development of disease education presentations, value dossier, budget impact assessments, and other product and support education as required
Support the negotiation process until reimbursement, providing strategically useful medical and epidemiological information to prepare supportive documents for the various stakeholders in the reimbursement and pricing process.
Assess, identify, recommend and support potential programs such as patient co-pay support / financial assistance programs
Leverage resources both internally and externally to support overall organizational goals
Anticipate changes in the legislative, policy, regulatory and political landscapes. Assess risks and opportunities and use local insights to inform commercialization strategies

General Responsibilities
Manage presentations/meetings to share insights on a regular basis
Build strong relationships with internal BeiGene experts and local stakeholders
Identify continuous process improvement opportunities
Develop, track, execute and report on goals and objectives
Be accountable for compliant business practices

Experience
A minimum of 10 years of experience and success in Product Launch, Pharmaceutical Marketing & Sales, Customer Operations and/or Pharmaceutical Medical and/or Market Access in designated region
Comprehensive understanding of local legislation regulations, policies, regulatory and political landscape for designated region
Demonstrated ability to influence and manage a complex set of internal and external stakeholders
Strong strategic marketing skills including the ability to develop commercial strategies based on a thorough and structured approach (i.e. asset playbook) paired with a strong scientific / clinical understanding
Outstanding partnering skills and the ability to lead a multi-disciplinary team in a highly matrixed organization to accomplish business goals
Oncology experience required, from discovery to registration, launch and post-marketing for designated region
Effective communication (written and verbal), interpersonal, organizational, and cross functional collaboration skills
Proficiency in local business language in writing and verbal communication required
Proven project management experience
Flexibility to work with colleagues in a global setting
Strategic leader with demonstrated success building, managing and developing individuals and teams is preferred

Core Capabilities, Knowledge And Skill Requirements
Values based collaborator – respectful, accountable and collaborative
Ability to relate and work with a wide range of people to achieve results
Impactful written and verbal communication
Successful and superior influencing skills across all levels of the organization and external collaborators
Problem solving and risk-mitigation skills
Confident, positive attitude, enthusiastic and charismatic
Appreciation of diversity and multiculturalism
Strategic and creative thinker
Ability to build working relations throughout the organization and with business partners to achieve business goals
Strong time management and organizational skills
Ability to manage multiple projects in a fast-paced environment
Skilled in multiple computer-based tools, in addition to software programs such as MS Office
Able to engage in work-related travel approximately 20%
Education Required: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent; advanced degree (MBA, Ph.D. or MD) preferred

Competencies

Ethics - Treats people with respect; Inspires the trust of others; Works with integrity and ethically; Upholds organizational values.

Planning/Organizing - Prioritizes and plans work activities; Uses time efficiently. Completes administrative tasks correctly and on time. Follows instructions and responds to management direction.

Communication - Listens and gets clarification; Responds well to questions; Speaks clearly and persuasively in positive or negative situations. Writes clearly and informatively. Able to read and interpret written information.

Teamwork - Balances team and individual responsibilities; Gives and welcomes feedback; Contributes to building a positive team spirit; Puts success of team above own interests; Supports everyone's efforts to succeed. Contributes to building a positive team spirit; Shares expertise with others.

Adaptability – Able to adapt to changes in the work environment. Manages competing demands. Changes approach or method to best fit the situation. Able to deal with frequent change, delays, or unexpected events.

Technical Skills - Assesses own strengths and development areas; Pursues training and opportunities for growth; Strives to continuously build knowledge and skills; Shares expertise with others.

Dependability - Follows instructions, responds to management direction; Takes responsibility for own actions; Keeps commitments; Commits to long hours of work when necessary to reach goals; Completes tasks on time or notifies appropriate person with an alternate plan.

Quality - Demonstrates accuracy and thoroughness; Looks for ways to improve and promote quality; Applies feedback to improve performance; Monitors own work to ensure quality.

Analytical - Synthesizes complex or diverse information; Collects and researches data; Uses intuition and experience to complement data.

Problem Solving - Identifies and resolves problems in a timely manner; Gathers and analyzes information skillfully.

Project Management - Communicates changes and progress; Completes projects on time and budget.Você é apaixonado(a) pelo universo da saúde, beleza e bem-estar? Ama desafios e adora enfrentá-los em equipe? Você quer proporcionar uma experiência incrível aos clientes e fazê-los se sentirem únicos? Essa oportunidade é para você!

Como é o ambiente de trabalho?

Oferecemos um ambiente de muito trabalho e aprendizado, onde a inovação e a paixão estão sempre presentes. Tudo isso faz com que a RD seja mais que uma empresa e, sim, um local de vida, como é a sua casa! Além disso, oferecemos um plano de carreira, que possibilitará a realização dos seus sonhos.

O que esperamos de você?

Você trabalhará na loja e terá contato direto com os nossos clientes, prestando consultoria farmacêutica, aplicando medicamentos injetáveis, treinando a equipe e organizando os medicamentos psicotrópicos e termolábeis. Buscamos pessoas comunicativas, resilientes, empáticas e que gostem de gente!

Somos uma empresa inclusiva. Se você é uma pessoa com deficiência, não deixe de participar!

Requisitos
Maior de 18 anos;
Ensino Superior completo em Farmácia.


Escala de trabalho: disponibilidade para trabalhar por escala (podendo trabalhar sábados, domingos e feriados)

Além dos benefícios listados nós também oferecemos:
Salário compatível com mercado;
Auxílio refeição ou alimentação;
Plano de carreira.Gerente de Manutenção

Buscamos pessoas que tenham paixão pelo que fazem e que queiram compartilhar do mesmo propósito que o nosso: cuidar das pessoas.

Localidade: Divinópolis/MG.

Para Essa Vaga, é Requisito Que Tenha

Ensino Superior Completo em Engenharia;

Pós-graduação ou MBA - Gestão de negócios, gestão de projetos ou gestão industrial.

As Principais Responsabilidades Serão
Aumentar de forma contínua a eficiência dos ativos e instalações da empresa;
Criar "Know-how" técnico através de programas de capacitação e gerenciamento do time;
Determinar prioridades de atuação mediante leitura e entendimento dos impactos no negócio;
Ser líder do pilar MP - Aplicação de metodologia TPM;
Reduzir de formar contínua e estruturada os custos com peças e serviços;
Aplicar melhores práticas de mercado dentro do seu escopo de atuação;
Acompanhar e monitorar o seus indicadores no dia a dia através da gestão das áreas sob sua responsabilidade e da interface entre pares;
Suportar o alcance das metas operacionais da manufatura.


Diferencial

Inglês avançado.

Confira o nosso pacote de Benefícios para essa oportunidade:

Vale-Alimentação, Restaurante na Empresa, Plano de Saúde, Plano Odontológico, Seguro de Vida e Participação nos Lucros e Resultados (PLR).

#SomosFarmaxVocê é apaixonado(a) pelo universo da saúde, beleza e bem-estar? Ama desafios e adora enfrentá-los em equipe? Você quer proporcionar uma experiência incrível aos clientes e fazê-los se sentirem únicos? Essa oportunidade é para você!

Como é o ambiente de trabalho?

Oferecemos um ambiente de muito trabalho e aprendizado, onde a inovação e a paixão estão sempre presentes. Tudo isso faz com que a RD seja mais que uma empresa e, sim, um local de vida, como é a sua casa! Além disso, oferecemos um plano de carreira, que possibilitará a realização dos seus sonhos.

O que esperamos de você?

Você trabalhará na loja e terá contato direto com os nossos clientes, prestando consultoria farmacêutica, aplicando medicamentos injetáveis, treinando a equipe e organizando os medicamentos psicotrópicos e termolábeis. Buscamos pessoas comunicativas, resilientes, empáticas e que gostem de gente!

Somos uma empresa inclusiva. Se você é uma pessoa com deficiência, não deixe de participar!

Requisitos
Maior de 18 anos;
Ensino Superior completo em Farmácia.


Escala de trabalho: disponibilidade para trabalhar por escala (podendo trabalhar sábados, domingos e feriados)

Além dos benefícios listados nós também oferecemos:
Salário compatível com mercado;
Auxílio refeição ou alimentação;
Plano de carreira.A career at our company is an ongoing journey of discovery: our 57,000 people are shaping how the world lives, works and plays through next generation advancements in healthcare, life science and performance materials. For more than 350 years and across the world we have passionately pursued our curiosity to find novel and vibrant ways of enhancing the lives of others.

Specialist Credit Management

Who you are
Degree in a business-related discipline preferred
Initial work experience in accounting/finance with direct related experience with full-cycle Account Receivables or accounting knowledge
Experience within a Shared Services Center preferred
Basic accounting knowledge is a must
Experience with SAP or another ERP system required
Fluent English language skills required
Excellent quantitative, analytical, and Excel skills required
Travel availability
Time shift flexibility
Your role

As Credit Management Specialist in a global Shared Service Center, you support the processing for receivables transactions in the respective ERP system.

What you do

You maintain customer master data, support conducting credit checks, establishing and managing credit limits and report on deviations from credit standards while adhering to procedures and policies. Moreover, you handle less complex requests, inquiries, and issues related to account receivables and credit management activities, including follow up and resolution of such incidents.

What we offer: With us, there are always opportunities to break new ground. We empower you to fulfil your ambitions, and our diverse businesses offer various career moves to seek new horizons. We trust you with responsibility early on and support you to draw your own career map that is responsive to your aspirations and priorities in life. Join us and bring your curiosity to life!Você é apaixonado(a) pelo universo da saúde, beleza e bem-estar? Ama desafios e adora enfrentá-los em equipe? Você quer proporcionar uma experiência incrível aos clientes e fazê-los se sentirem únicos? Essa oportunidade é para você!

Como é o ambiente de trabalho?

Oferecemos um ambiente de muito trabalho e aprendizado, onde a inovação e a paixão estão sempre presentes. Tudo isso faz com que a RD seja mais que uma empresa e, sim, um local de vida, como é a sua casa! Além disso, oferecemos um plano de carreira, que possibilitará a realização dos seus sonhos.

O que esperamos de você?

Você trabalhará na loja e terá contato direto com os nossos clientes, auxiliando-os com dúvidas, operando o caixa e ajudando no recebimento, reposição e organização de mercadorias. Buscamos um perfil otimista, criativo e que goste de gente!

Somos uma empresa inclusiva. Se você é uma pessoa com deficiência, não deixe de participar!

Requisitos
Maior de 18 anos;
Ensino Médio completo.


Escala de trabalho: 6 x 1 (você trabalha 6 dias e folga 1, podendo trabalhar sábados, domingos e feriados)

Além dos benefícios listados nós também oferecemos:
Salário compatível com mercado + quebra de caixa;
Auxílio refeição ou alimentação;
Plano de carreira.A career at our company is an ongoing journey of discovery: our 57,000 people are shaping how the world lives, works and plays through next generation advancements in healthcare, life science and performance materials. For more than 350 years and across the world we have passionately pursued our curiosity to find novel and vibrant ways of enhancing the lives of others.

Lead a team of Regulatory affairs professional to oversee and coordinate day-to-day operations for a country cluster.

Responsibilities
Lead, build and manage a professional team in Regulatory Affairs department for the products & countries under his/her responsibility
Lead in country submission management from planning to finalizing local submissions (incl. review & approval of dossiers, new documentation for label & artwork)
Define HA engagement strategy & serve as point of contact for HAs to maintain close relationships & enable infusion of HA insights into local strategy planning
Support cross-functional alignment & quality control of regulatory applications/ documentation (dossier, promotional material) with regional/local reg. requirements insights
Develop regional/local product plans based on global/local strategy and business plans
Provide relevant support for clinical trials as applicable
Derive regional strategy cross-functionally for roll outs
Education & Experience
University degree (Master, PhD) in pharmaceutical science or an equivalent qualification with relevant work experiences
at least 5+ years of experience in the regulatory affairs field (local RA proficiency) and in positioning leading high-performance teams.
Flexible, adaptable to changes, innovative.
Demonstrated ability of communication and collaboration with internal and external stakeholders
High proficiency in English and local languages is a must, as applicable.
Travel flexibility.
Financial proficiency is a plus.
What we offer: With us, there are always opportunities to break new ground. We empower you to fulfil your ambitions, and our diverse businesses offer various career moves to seek new horizons. We trust you with responsibility early on and support you to draw your own career map that is responsive to your aspirations and priorities in life. Join us and bring your curiosity to life!Você é apaixonado(a) pelo universo da saúde, beleza e bem-estar? Ama desafios e adora enfrentá-los em equipe? Você quer proporcionar uma experiência incrível aos clientes e fazê-los se sentirem únicos? Essa oportunidade é para você!

Como é o ambiente de trabalho?

Oferecemos um ambiente de muito trabalho e aprendizado, onde a inovação e a paixão estão sempre presentes. Tudo isso faz com que a RD seja mais que uma empresa e, sim, um local de vida, como é a sua casa! Além disso, oferecemos um plano de carreira, que possibilitará a realização dos seus sonhos.

O que esperamos de você?

Você trabalhará na loja e terá contato direto com os nossos clientes, auxiliando-os com dúvidas, operando o caixa e ajudando no recebimento, reposição e organização de mercadorias. Buscamos um perfil otimista, criativo e que goste de gente!

Somos uma empresa inclusiva. Se você é uma pessoa com deficiência, não deixe de participar!

Requisitos
Maior de 18 anos;
Ensino Médio completo.


Escala de trabalho: 6 x 1 (você trabalha 6 dias e folga 1, podendo trabalhar sábados, domingos e feriados)

Além dos benefícios listados nós também oferecemos:
Salário compatível com mercado + quebra de caixa;
Auxílio refeição ou alimentação;
Plano de carreira.Descrição

Pré-requisitos:
Superior completo ou cursando último ano
Imprescindível vivência na área comercial
Bons conhecimentos de Informática (Pacote Office)
Possuir CNH definitiva
Disponibilidade para viagens
Residir próximo à área de atuação
Principais Atividades
Desenvolver seu trabalho externamente, com divulgação de medicamentos para área médica, por meio de visitas em Clínicas, Rede de Farmácias, Distribuidores, Hospitais e Consultórios, através de um prévio planejamento e implementação de ações comerciais e promocionais conforme estratégia e política da Empresa.
Analisar previamente as fichas médicas, a fim de obter melhor performance na geração de prescrição junto aos médicos visitados.
Manter atualizado o cadastro médico, visando atingir as metas predeterminadas de produtividade.
Cumprir suas obrigações burocráticas, conforme procedimentos da empresa e prazos estabelecidos.
Obs.: O Aché valoriza e fomenta a diversidade, abrindo oportunidades para todos com igualdade.Descrição

Atendimento no setor de farmácia de manipulação por meio presencial, telefone, e-mail e, especialmente, WhatsApp.

Operação via sistema de gestão informatizado.

Arquivamento de fichas de cadastro.

Impressão e organização de pedidos presenciais e por entrega local e Correios.

Horários

Segunda a sexta: 09h às 18h (1 hora de intervalo).
Sábado: 08h às 12h.

Competências Técnicas

Conhecimento básico de informática

Outros Requisitos

Intimidade com uso do WhatsApp;

Pró-atividade em vendas;

Facilidade em comunicar e trabalhar em grupo.Descripción
Con experiencia en farmacia y referencias excluyentes
Se reciben CV personalmente en mano únicamente (NO VÍA E-MAIL)
Disponibilidad horaria total.

Principales Tareas
Realizar la dispensación y venta de medicamentos.
Asesorar la venta de otros productos de farmacia y perfumería
Efectuar el control de vencimientos de los productos
Colaborar con la recepción, control y reposición de mercadería que ingresa
Colaborar con el mantenimiento del orden y la higiene del lugar de trabajoRequisitos

Se reciben CV unicamente en mano en Dr Manuel Albo 2750 esq Garibaldi (NO VIA MAIL NI SE RECIBEN LLAMADAS TELEFONICAS)

Se necesita auxiliar de farmacia femenino de entre 30 y 45 años.

Principales Tareas
Realizar el asesoramiento y la venta de otros productos de farmacia y perfumería
Efectuar periódicamente el control de vencimientos de los productos
Colaborar con la recepción, control y reposición de mercadería
Colaborar con el mantenimiento del orden y la higiene del lugar de trabajo
Al menos 2 años de experiencia con referencias comprobables
Ofrecemos

Actividades a realizar:

buen ambiente de trabajo

descuento especial en compras a funcionarios